abraham john takia ayesha film ranvir rawal role star paresh lead bipasha basu while item shorey number appear||the film stars john abraham, ayesha takia, ranvir shorey and paresh rawal in the lead roles, while bipasha basu appears in an item number.
dulcinea include 1994 album song||the song is included on their 1994 album dulcinea.
thompson taylor professor political former u.s. science state oklahoma representative carolyn state||carolyn thompson taylor is a former state representative and professor of political science from the u.s. state of oklahoma.
monthly nest about die abandon % incipient 50 rate||incipient nests died or were abandoned at a monthly rate of about 50%.
conference standard annual code aapor ethic promote understanding seek public role well public opinion as publication ethical well research conduct sound use democracy opinion research public||through its annual conference, standards and ethics codes and publications, aapor seeks to promote a better public understanding of the role of public opinion research in a democracy, as well as the sound and ethical conduct and use of public opinion research.
defend enter defeat championship however champion tyrone ulster quarter final down||tyrone entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated by down in the ulster quarter-final.
produce motion film steam sound||the film is produced by steam motion and sound.
sting season season 2015 american seventh saginaw franchise football indoor aif first aif season||the 2015 saginaw sting season was the seventh season for the american indoor football (aif) franchise, and their first season in the aif.
state bipartisan founder - 50 focus government state affair co founder gps public guidepoststrategie ceo federal firm public firm government affair||he is co-founder of 50 state, a bipartisan, state-focused government and public affairs firm, and founder and ceo of guidepoststrategies (gps), a federal government and public affairs firm.
brigade 8th infantry detach bavarian active infantry division brigade bavarian 4th||the active brigade was the 8th bavarian infantry brigade, which had been detached from the 4th bavarian infantry division.
chicago fourth 2012 season season season soccer club stars red premier compete season only elite league soccer women||the 2012 chicago red stars season is the fourth season of the soccer club; the season it competed was the only season of the women's premier soccer league elite.
holland sportive describe lemur 2008||holland's sportive lemur was described in 2008.
weir am bear brian september 1931 henderson retire australian radio gold win 15 television personality logie long association know network australia nine news pioneer presenter host australian show television version anchor program variety bandstand us music||brian weir henderson am (born 15 september 1931) is a retired gold logie winning australian radio and television personality and pioneer known for his long association with the nine network in australia as a television news anchor and variety show presenter, as host of the australian version of the us music program bandstand.
long arab world yemen capital cultural||in the arab world, yemen has long been a cultural capital.
malaya borneo dollar par replace british indonesian riau rupiah 1 replace rate rupiah indonesian = 14.7 rupiah||it replaced the malaya and british borneo dollar at par and was replaced by the indonesian rupiah at the rate of 1 riau rupiah = 14.7 indonesian rupiah.
census gunalda population surround 574 2006 area have||at the 2006 census, gunalda and the surrounding area had a population of 574.
species snail clathrata austrodaphnella mollusk family raphitomidae sea gastropod marine||austrodaphnella clathrata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family raphitomidae.
take gold japanese run podium medal reach event only three||the japanese took three gold medals, reaching the podium in running events only.
jump return third january series 2016 31||the jump returned for a third series on 31 january 2016.
form split 2002 briefly reform group 2005 officially reality reform documentary 1997 big series itv2 reunion 2012||the group formed in 1997 before splitting in 2002 and reforming briefly in 2005 before officially reforming in 2012 for the itv2 reality-documentary series the big reunion.
andrews . blue fl guitarist make singer american ed consider first 1920s recording 1924 commercially blue release country year such release three before commonplace become||ed andrews (fl. 1920s) was an american blues singer and guitarist, who made what are considered to be the first commercially-released country blues recordings, in 1924, some three years before such releases became commonplace.
suneja indian global sameer ceo current executive manufacturer van melle confectionery perfetti||sameer suneja is an indian executive who is the current global ceo of confectionery manufacturer perfetti van melle.
ourproject.org legal entity previously know comunes collective establish 2009 form||previously known as ourproject.org, this collective established itself as legal entity in 2009, forming comunes.
measurement parallax gaia base obtain year 457 light 140 distant parsec about mission sun||based on parallax measurements obtained during the gaia mission, it is about 457 light-years (140 parsecs) distant from the sun.
have register voter electoral that roll 90 % 2013 18 885 mean population age over||in the 2013 electoral roll, it had 885 registered voters, meaning that 90% of the population are aged 18 and over.
mile several nine cover coastline include contain beach habitat type coastal dune headland wetland freshwater cove lake pool forest tide||it covers nine miles of coastline and contains several types of coastal habitat, including beaches, dunes, headlands, coves, wetlands, tide pools, forest, and a freshwater lake.
aadi language indian film direct velli narayanan feature rama 1990 star nizhalgal n.radha seetha produce ravi tamil||aadi velli is a 1990 tamil-language indian feature film directed by rama narayanan and produced by n.radha, starring seetha and nizhalgal ravi.
usually carry when people believe tradition tradition close because sacred tradition street||usually the streets are closed when the tradition is being carried out, because people believe this tradition is a sacred tradition.
film relationship collar explore man illegal mexican italian immigrant blue make living american queens york new as try||the film explores the relationship between a blue-collar italian-american man and an illegal mexican immigrant as they both try to make a living in queens, new york.
other spiral spin spiral sequence e.g. step qualify bonus element death||all other elements (e.g. spins, spirals, death spirals, step sequences) do not qualify for this bonus.
gesamtausgabe complete large collection marx engels mega friedrich engels language karl german work marx||marx-engels-gesamtausgabe (mega) is the complete and largest collection of the works of karl marx and friedrich engels in german or any language.
january january 8 hold 14 part 2017 series open grand slam year first australian preparation||it was held from 8 january through 14 january 2017 as part of the australian open series in preparation for the first grand slam of the year.
hamlet nazareth nasareth name nantlle biblical north valley wales gwynedd||nasareth (named for the biblical nazareth), is a hamlet in the nantlle valley in gwynedd, north wales.
victory verify johann lasi 5||johann lasi, 5 verified victories.
sydney season rabbitohs south club 2018 109th history||the 2018 south sydney rabbitohs season is the 109th in the club's history.
2003 thriller paradise film trenchard brian smith virus shoot turk grand island direct||the paradise virus is a 2003 thriller film directed by brian trenchard-smith shot on grand turk island.
folk band canadian alberta dark calgary indie reuben||reuben and the dark are a canadian indie folk band from calgary, alberta.
succeed christopher marry magnay son bear 1884 magnay 1879||magnay married in 1879, and was himself succeeded by his son christopher magnay, born 1884.
anticancer treatment develop anthracycline more type effective ever class other agent effective chemotherapeutic most cancer||the anthracyclines are among the most effective anticancer treatments ever developed and are effective against more types of cancer than any other class of chemotherapeutic agents.
manager general consumer officer products division engineering payscale chief||he is chief engineering officer and general manager of the payscale consumer products division.
degree rutgers university earn bachelor||he earned his bachelor's degree from rutgers university.
bandicoot raffray marsupial raffrayana species family peroryctidae peroryctes||raffray's bandicoot (peroryctes raffrayana) is a species of marsupial in the family peroryctidae.
g. fiero politician essex patricia district 5th represent american massachusetts representatives 1984 house 1991||patricia g. fiero is an american politician who represented the 5th essex district in the massachusetts house of representatives from 1984 to 1991.
six city beauties inter city arrive event - atlantic enter new contest inter - city beauty||six "inter-city beauties," arrived in atlantic city and entered a new event: the "inter-city beauty" contest.
refer packer todd finch fictional nbc packer television character series office surname||todd finch packer, referred to by his surname packer, is a fictional character on nbc's television series the office.
nelson publisher paper revive 1994 erickson since burt age 2009 81 die||in 2009, burt erickson nelson the paper's publisher since reviving it in 1994, died at age 81.
black broadcast white airbase bbc2 sitcom 1965 british||the airbase is a black-and-white british sitcom that was broadcast on bbc2 in 1965.
commune landes aquitaine nouvelle france oeyreluy department southwestern||oeyreluy is a commune in the landes department in nouvelle-aquitaine in southwestern france.
1965 verve release records||it was released via verve records in 1965.
wolf aaron well writer american documentary know feature restore actor tomorrow director||aaron wolf is an american actor, writer and director best known for the feature documentary restoring tomorrow.
motufetau uninhabited tuvalu small nukufetau side atoll east islet nukufetau||motufetau is a small uninhabited islet of nukufetau, tuvalu, which is on the east side of nukufetau atoll.
derive native almonesson mean american place name fox young name||the name almonesson derives from a native american name meaning "young fox place".
transmit sending console character receive character message second console paper sending console tape punch||the message was transmitted from the receiving console to the sending console, character by character, punching a second paper tape at the sending console.
wrangle court clearance supreme eventually go let secure trade melbourne club mclean go keenan tony||the clearance wrangle went to the supreme court and mclean was eventually let go by melbourne, in a trade which secured the club tony keenan.
author several columnist syndicate publication military nationally||she is a nationally syndicated military columnist and author of several publications.
portray record ambrose research easy event company veteran base interview||the events portrayed are based on ambrose's research and recorded interviews with easy company veterans.
1922 coliseum oregon leader construct as city increase seek offering city entertainment city||the coliseum was constructed in 1922 by the city of oregon as city leaders sought to increase entertainment offerings in the city.
half show girlfriend dave erin heart gold dimwitte goody friend arrogantly brother goody lewd follow bigoted smoking womanize drinking divorced time father multiple tommy titus ken papa heavy||the show follows him and his dimwitted half-brother dave, his girlfriend erin with the "heart of gold", his goody-goody friend tommy, and his arrogantly lewd, bigoted, heavy smoking & drinking, womanizing, divorced multiple times, father ken "papa" titus.
town also be horsham mosque||there is also a mosque in the town of horsham.
tucson city 10 usp locate southeast mile downtown limit tucson tucson||usp tucson is located within tucson's city limits, 10 miles southeast of downtown tucson.
100 as population civil less parish include thrintoft remain detail||as the population remained less than 100 details were included in the civil parish of thrintoft.
landscape also album cd landscape include first||this cd also includes landscape's first album, landscape.
occasionally village refer derry old hill||the village is occasionally referred to as old derry hill.
league footballer australian competition allen new south wales league rugby nswrl rugby||a allen was a rugby league footballer in the australian competition the new south wales rugby league (nswrl).
air personality houston manley taping know radio now blind turning also sound houston radio currently sight chronicle sports weekly basis read illustrated||manley is also an on-air personality for houston's taping for the blind radio (now known as turning sight into sound radio), currently reading the houston chronicle and sports illustrated on a weekly basis.
version musician dance original stage call square 1976 caller eliminate revival caller orchestra solo pit premier add place corelli danseur sarabanda place step||the original version placed the musicians on stage with a square dance caller calling the steps; from its 1976 revival the caller was eliminated, the orchestra placed in the pit, and a solo added for the premier danseur to the corelli sarabanda.
equilibrium research teach theory general have research conduct also theory project network management natural design game resource||he teaches and conducts research in general equilibrium theory and game theory, and also has research projects on natural resource management and network design.
architecture design rmit education school college tertiary school urban australian context design melbourne technology university locate social institute victoria royal melbourne rmit||rmit's school of architecture and urban design is an australian tertiary education school within the college of design and social context at the royal melbourne institute of technology (rmit university), located in melbourne, victoria.
fringe settle possible mid-1800 farming although because swamp much land re growth rapid - paperbark vegetation flooding swamp frequent other||although the fringes of the swamp were settled by the mid-1800s, farming was not possible in much of the land because of frequent flooding and the rapid re-growth of paperbark and other swamp vegetation.
finish mariners 6th first 21 5th half record 36 23 record second 29 half||the mariners finished 6th with a 21-36 record in the first half and 5th with a 23-29 record in the second half.
computer analysis technique probabilistic scientist determine use expect especially value time expect running||computer scientists use probabilistic analysis techniques, especially expected value, to determine expected running times.
property meat house house also contribute spring||also on the property are a contributing meat house and spring house.
story drama tell officer female police kong police force issue hong woman experience society perspective modern use look||the drama tells the story of female police officers of the hong kong police force, using their perspectives to look at issues of modern women experience in society.
barbarian conan film base sorcery 2011 sword american same create e. robert name character howard||conan the barbarian is a 2011 american sword and sorcery film based on the character of the same name created by robert e. howard.
2010 high hold school gila first may gila ridge student sophomore graduation start ridge||in may 2010, gila ridge high school held its first graduation, of students who had started at gila ridge as sophomores.
cpp new ivan december take incumbent henderson rein majer commissioner james 2006||in december 2006, a new commissioner for cpp, ivan henderson, took over the reins from the incumbent james majer.
2015 february atlantic lease marine renew that 2017 vessel cost november 40 million announce||in february 2015, marine atlantic announced that the lease on the vessel had been renewed until november 2017 for a cost of c$40 million.
arm legbreak right right batsman bowler handed||he is right handed batsman and a right arm legbreak bowler.
brown morris together 1992 work since||morris and brown worked together since 1992.
french polynesia gain addition law power oppose application french responsibility area respect vote parliament||in addition, french polynesia gained the power to oppose the application of laws voted by the french parliament which do not respect these areas of responsibility.
approach trial multiple myeloma be also ongoing||there is also an ongoing trial of this approach in multiple myeloma.
member democrats english currently||he is currently a member of the english democrats.
scallion feature mockumentary dill film rise follow 1999 country dill singer billy burke scallion fall western||dill scallion is a 1999 feature film mockumentary that follows the rise and fall of a country-western singer, dill scallion (billy burke).
center canadian musician canada winnipeg churko manitoba jason||jason churko is a canadian musician centered in winnipeg, manitoba, canada.
christian important negative concept e.g. theology especially godhead theology pseudo dionysius accord||the concept is especially important in christian negative theology, e.g., the theology of the godhead according to pseudo-dionysius.
prize nominate stirling 2007 also||it was also nominated for the stirling prize in 2007.
end lie village leinesfjorden fjord||the village of leinesfjorden lies at the end of the fjord.
currently own enterprises inc. station astro||the station is currently owned by astro enterprises, inc.
switch tile connect other configuration processor tile use more mesh one network typical||in a typical tile processor configuration, the switches in each of the tiles are connected to each other using one or more mesh networks.
6.07 million galaxy light year 25 kkr million away 1.86 earth parsec||kkr 25 is a galaxy 6.07 million light years (1.86 million parsecs) away from the earth.
lane western county news pacific cover ocean north yachats deadwood greenleaf south gardiner||the news covers western lane county, from the pacific ocean to deadwood and greenleaf, and from yachats on the north to gardiner on the south.
represent country more sound holly creative than difference pair lack promotion failure commercial like song||due to creative differences, the song represented a more country sound than holly liked and paired with lack of promotion, was a commercial failure.
states united day 4 independence july terrorist airline ticket fire el open lone israel counter 2002 national airline angeles airport los angeles los al california international||on independence day of the united states, july 4, 2002, a lone terrorist opened fire at the airline ticket counter of el al, israel's national airline, at los angeles international airport in los angeles, california.
persian witness palestine invasion massacre forty four companion bedouins 614||he witnessed the persian invasion of palestine in 614, and the massacre of forty-four of his companions by the bedouins.
chopra accountant amarjit chartered indian||amarjit chopra is an indian chartered accountant.
amanda morgan novella writer fiction r. dickson science spirit publish american gordon first later include companion dorsai 1986 june 1979 dorsai||amanda morgan is a science fiction novella by american writer gordon r. dickson, first published in the spirit of dorsai in 1979 and later included in the dorsai companion in june 1986.
attention rock return food||his attention returned to the food on the rocks.
british often well know guest television ross jonathan edmondson personality ade such||the guests are often well-known british television personalities such as jonathan ross or ade edmondson.
metro pprc mirror refer compare global also mirror when||pprc is also referred to as metro mirror when comparing to global mirror.
lecornu 1958 march flers orne retire 28 french professional patrice football striker bear||patrice lecornu (born march 28, 1958 in flers, orne) is a french retired professional football striker.
relationship duff when circle begin release re lehtisalo album jussi ektro fun funeral label records - jesters||circle's relationship with duff began when jussi lehtisalo re-released the jesters' album fun at the funeral on his ektro records label.
genus family pseudosophronia moth gelechiidae||pseudosophronia is a genus of moth in the family gelechiidae.
second other win 300 2010 bowyer season sylvania||it was bowyer's second win of the 2010 season, with the other being in the sylvania 300.
reflexa dainty know species endemic orchid pterostylis commonly greenhood south wales new||pterostylis reflexa, commonly known as the dainty greenhood, is a species of orchid endemic to new south wales.
polya transcript signal exist variant alternative utilize||transcript variants utilizing alternative polya signals exist.
respond output furthermore change anticipate algorithm input way reproduce analysis easily||furthermore, not algorithms can change or respond to input or output in ways that cannot be anticipated or easily reproduced for analysis.
develop support community give where support lack manufacturer online||some online communities have developed to give support where manufacturer support is lacking.
think detective||do detectives think?
kinney tucker peter r.e.m. buck bloch member scott corin sleater minus bill mccaughey kurt 5 rieflin king pitman linda project crimson miracle baseball steve 3 wynn||its members are corin tucker of sleater-kinney, peter buck of r.e.m., kurt bloch and scott mccaughey of the minus 5, bill rieflin of king crimson and linda pitman of the baseball project and steve wynn & the miracle 3.
places list historic november since 1997 24 register national||it has been listed on the national register of historic places since november 24, 1997.
call field park rename field originally mines brooks ralph after benefactor brooks athletic rename campbell trustee 1922 team d. member undefeated d. field benefactor harry 1939 campbell 2010||the field was originally called athletic park, renamed brooks field after mines trustee and benefactor ralph d. brooks in 1922, and renamed campbell field after 1939 undefeated team member and benefactor harry d. campbell in 2010.
independent moving company pictures motion imp studio company found carl picture 1909 production laemmle||the independent moving pictures company (imp) was a motion picture studio and production company founded in 1909 by carl laemmle.
gazette erratum 1994 24 government correct november hyphen publish incorrect notice assign use original||erratum published in government gazette 24 november 1994 to correct the incorrect use of hyphens in the original notice to assign.
1107 study paris laon great then 1109 anselm tours||he studied at paris and tours in 1107 and then under the great anselm at laon in 1109.
bernard may bear 1956 albert equestrian hilversum 23 dutch medalist voorn olympic||albert bernard voorn (born 23 may 1956, in hilversum) is a dutch equestrian and olympic medalist.
appear hand observer together lock pianist||to an observer, the pianist's hands appear to be locked together.
medieval monument house national county ireland louth oratory mochta||mochta's house is a medieval oratory and national monument in county louth, ireland.
studio hardest fifth 2009 rock american album bucket band town hard rhino||the hardest town (2009) is the fifth studio album by american hard rock band rhino bucket.
500 400 typical around such word article wysiwyg editor tool submit writing provide article||a typical article is around 400-500 words, and tools such as a wysiwyg editor for writing and submitting an article may be provided.
carolina house representatives district 9th south 2011 serve member since||she is a member of the south carolina house of representatives from the 9th district, serving since 2011.
development committee village manang northern nepal gandaki manang district zone||manang is a village development committee in manang district in the gandaki zone of northern nepal.
suppose boone site daniel burial contain famous americans seventeen cemetery include kentucky vice united other grave governor president states||the cemetery is the supposed burial site of daniel boone and contains the graves of other famous americans including seventeen kentucky governors and a vice president of the united states.
study scholar research feminist art sawchuk medium examine culture field span technology how intersection one people live age change gender||a feminist media studies scholar, sawchuk's research spans the fields of art, gender, and culture, examining the intersection of technology into peoples lives and how that changes as one ages.
study madagascar fashion paris bear later christian laurent work lacroix saint yves||he was born in madagascar and studied fashion in paris, and later worked for yves saint laurent and christian lacroix.
bear laurent 1948 st june michelyne 16 politician canadian||michelyne st-laurent (born 16 june 1948) is a canadian politician.
year start 363 year common wednesday ccclxiii display calendar link julian calendar full||year 363 (ccclxiii) was a common year starting on wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the julian calendar.
' eight 70 that air show co - also indirect series that spinoff season create ' show first season fox cancel 80 only fail half episode hour 13||that '70s show which aired for eight seasons, and also co-created the series' indirect spinoff, that '80s show which failed and was canceled by fox after its first season of only 13 half-hour episodes.
own remake murugadoss film thuppakki tamil 2012 acclaimed||it is a remake of murugadoss' own acclaimed tamil film thuppakki (2012).
council hold city may 2012 glasgow 3 election local same scottish election day other government||elections to glasgow city council were held on 3 may 2012, the same day as the other scottish local government elections.
attendance justiciar scotia stone court rayne stand hold old 1349 garioch||in 1349 he was in attendance with the justiciar of scotia holding court at the standing stones of old rayne in garioch.
bear jonesboro 1852 pledger||pledger was born near jonesboro in 1852.
first obtain sergius fidenas lucius bc 437 consulship sergii||the first of the sergii to obtain the consulship was lucius sergius fidenas in 437 bc.
japan agrochemistry society jsbba bioscience scientific dedicate society biotechnology agrochemistry found agricultural bioscience japan 1924 biotechnology chemical society||the japan society for bioscience, biotechnology, and agrochemistry (jsbba) is a scientific society dedicated to bioscience, biotechnology and agrochemistry, founded in 1924 as the agricultural chemical society of japan.
award one present five award honor ornithology aba peterson roger name contribution tory||one of five awards presented by the aba for contributions to ornithology, the award is named in honor of roger tory peterson.
book prebound bind previously book binding quality hardcover library rebound||a prebound book is a book that was previously bound and has been rebound with a library quality hardcover binding.
provide yaroslav account siege trofimov book detailed first||yaroslav trofimov's book provides the first detailed account of this siege.
1970 jenny drama star marlo film thomas produce american pictures alan release abc corp. releasing singer songwriter provide harry cinerama theme alda nilsson song waiting jenny||jenny is a 1970 american drama film starring marlo thomas and alan alda, produced by abc pictures and released by cinerama releasing corp. singer-songwriter harry nilsson provided jenny 's theme song, "waiting".
2014 february hub episode air 1 network||the episode aired on february 1, 2014, on the hub network.
new multilayer medium remedy manufacturer diameter synthetic introduce fiber small||to remedy this manufacturers have introduced new multilayer synthetic media with a smaller fiber diameter.
take again nazis never father see||his father was taken by the nazis and never seen again.
more represent multidisciplinary theater dance 100 festival festival about music national mostly cultural european thirty eight country organization||it represents more than 100 music, dance, theater and multidisciplinary festivals along with national festival and cultural organizations from about thirty eight, mostly european, countries.
send poemander ephippus achilles bring beg escort poemander elephenor peneleos aid leucippus cleanse murder father tlepolemus||but ephippus, sent by poemander to beg for aid, brought achilles, tlepolemus and peneleos to his father; they escorted poemander to elephenor, who cleansed him for the murder of leucippus.
october kurt robert 9 1961 songwriter guitarist root neumann singer bodeans band rock||kurt robert neumann (october 9, 1961) is a singer, guitarist, and songwriter of the roots-rock band bodeans.
also donate 1104 vast institution various charitable will community fortune know subject jewish cairo||she is also known for her will from 1104, in which she donated her vast fortune to various institutions and charitable subjects within the jewish community of cairo.
clarke 1933 l. bear business frank economist accounting emeritus newcastle francis university australian professor||francis l. "frank" clarke (born 1933) is an australian business economist, and emeritus professor of accounting at university of newcastle.
change radically plan world briner gentle bob||a gentle plan to radically change your world, by bob briner.
manage downtown development riverfront waterfront corporation revitalization waterfront effort centerpiece louisville river ohio park bank||waterfront development corporation manages the downtown riverfront revitalization efforts, the centerpiece of which is louisville waterfront park on the banks of the ohio river.
historical library census include 19th record collection map newspaper military family history cemetery century record||the historical collections of the library include 19th century census records, maps, newspapers, family histories, military and cemetery records.
later join perko teen imperial||perko later joined imperial teen.
greek language epithet tetraphylla mean leave specific ancient four||the specific epithet tetraphylla is from the ancient greek language, meaning "four leaves".
hemisphere northern may august bloom||it blooms in the northern hemisphere from may to august.
make student 80 student body year following||the following year the student body was made up of 80 students.
present auxiliary syro bishop third thrissur catholic archdiocese malabar 2017 october||he is the third and the present auxiliary bishop of syro-malabar catholic archdiocese of thrissur from october 2017.
novel saraband dataller base steel roger||it was based on the novel steel saraband by roger dataller.
win yoruba poetry 2009 delphic poem delphic jeju south korea games laurel songbird||in 2009, he won the delphic laurel in poetry for his yoruba poem "songbird" at the delphic games in jeju, south korea.
know programmer engineer sound well record guitarist producer adamski work gary duran duran gregory tv mania dandy glenn other numan warhols||he is best known for his work as a guitarist, programmer, sound engineer and record producer with adamski, duran duran, tv mania, gary numan, glenn gregory, the dandy warhols and others.
venomous glyphodon species now giant extinct dolinasorex shrew||dolinasorex glyphodon was a species of giant venomous shrew that is now extinct.
however know 1970 1990 late pornography vendor rise decline internet business pornography||in the 1970s, it became known for its pornography vendors; however, in the late 1990s, business declined due to the rise of internet pornography.
feed lizard also small frog||they also feed on small lizards and frogs.
program other agency tout - non program high leadership level||each of these (and other) agencies touts their program at this level as the highest, non-leadership program.
clamp test hypothesis 120 specie surface calculate gastrocotylinean monogenean body||to test the hypothesis, they calculated the surfaces of clamps and body in 120 species of gastrocotylinean monogeneans.
headquarters 922 buildings 912 18th ranch 1920 e. baxter morris 1810 st. cheyenne avenue wyoming national register places nrhp historic cabin once list barn 1979.according nomination ranch part headquarterswhich george locate area hillsdale twenty east w. mile cheyenne about baxter||the baxter ranch headquarters buildings, at 912-922 e. 18th st. and 1810-1920 morris avenue in cheyenne, wyoming, were listed on the national register of historic places in 1979.according to the nrhp nomination: the cabin and barn were once part of the george w. baxter ranch headquarterswhich was located in the hillsdale area about twenty miles east of cheyenne.
limit regional small area endemic narrowly adapt geographical most plant condition local||most all are regional endemics, plants limited to a small geographical area and narrowly adapted to local conditions.
euphoria york new successor team||the team was the successor to the new york euphoria.
host tell alien dax story new trill dax actress play ezri nicole boer de star deep 1999 1998 space trek nine tackle season life space station as||this tells the story of the new host for dax, the trill alien ezri dax played by actress nicole de boer for the 1998-1999 season of star trek: deep space nine as she tackles life on the space station.
gas mask filter around hour last biological most chemical nbc 24 nuclear situation||most gas mask filters will last around 24 hours in a nuclear biological chemical (nbc) situation.
gil actor mark eigenmann parent andi||she and actor mark gil are the parents of andi eigenmann.
weekly column australian make regular write appearance newspaper television radio australian also||she writes a weekly column for the australian newspaper and also makes regular appearances on australian television and radio.
most write story though kafka posthumously publish work der publish mauer beim intent 1931 chinesischen bau berlin||like most of his works, kafka wrote the story with no intent on it being published, though it was published posthumously in beim bau der chinesischen mauer (berlin, 1931).
go keeva mother promise way much more back discover save such fugitive pet life love revolt shelter animal||he promises to go back and save his mother, keeva, but along the way he discovers much more to life, such as being a pet, being a fugitive, being in the animal shelter, being in love, and revolting.
census 11,070 population 2010||the population was 11,070 at the 2010 census.
have hold lecture excursion field group newsletter twice meeting publish annual proceedings annual volume||it holds excursions and meetings for lectures, has a field group, and publishes a twice-annual newsletter and an annual volume of proceedings.
premiere 14 2008 series produce production april dheeraj house eye limited kumar creative||the series premiered on 14 april 2008 and is produced by dheeraj kumar's production house creative eye limited.
stadium queensway stadium home wrexham club athletic athletics north wales crusaders wales rugby league club wrexham||queensway stadium is an athletics stadium in wrexham, wales, which is home to the wrexham athletics club and north wales crusaders rugby league club.
roman dealer robert english direct dig fagan prince patronage duke antiquity sussex 1761 partnership corbet corbet british museum sir augustus 1816||the dig was directed by the english dealer in roman antiquities robert fagan (1761-1816) under the patronage of prince augustus, the duke of sussex in partnership with sir corbet corbet (british museum).
regional usage confusion follow result difference||the confusion results from the following regional differences of usage.
blog however kevin argue that precoproporphyrin level question as nataf nataf assume research paper necessarily 2006 toxicity leitch indicative mercury||however, kevin leitch of the blog leftbrainrightbrain has questioned nataf's research, arguing that precoproporphyrin levels were not, as nataf had assumed in his 2006 paper, necessarily indicative of mercury toxicity.
historical hypothetical fact ground concern do game battle actually game yet happen conflict||hypothetical games are games grounded in historical fact but concern battles or conflicts that did not (or have yet to) actually happen.
team one play premier iraqi league season 2011||in 2011 the team has played one season in iraqi premier league.
south portion africa tree occur large||the tree occurs over large portions of south africa.
several building city city example have art place ten united deco good architecture states||the city has several buildings that place it among cities with the ten best examples of art deco architecture in the united states.
beth henley prize screenplay pulitzer same play win adapt name||the screenplay by beth henley is adapted from her pulitzer prize-winning play of the same name.
publish collection collection number poetry as chapbook seven well anthology trivium poet 1990 edit british irish generational anthology parade 2000 other identity||he has published seven collections of poetry, a number of chapbooks and a collection of trivia, as well as editing a generational anthology of british and irish poets of the 1990s and 2000s, identity parade, among other anthologies.
moth sympistis family owlet noctuidae poliafascie species||sympistis poliafascies is a species of owlet moth in the family noctuidae.
direct havana pollack sidney film soundtrack album||this album is a soundtrack to the film havana, directed by sidney pollack.
have where also hold amphitheater park concert summer||the park also has an amphitheater, where concerts are held throughout the summer.
school fine arts canterbury study paint university advertising career drop pursue briefly||he studied painting briefly at the school of fine arts at canterbury university before dropping out to pursue an advertising career.
seventh series 2016 program one bbc begin nationwide broadcast basis||with the seventh series in 2016, the program began to be broadcast on bbc one on a nationwide basis.
become professional speaking association fellow||he became a fellow of the professional speaking association.
30 wayne roberts bear september analyst policy food writer 1944 canadian||wayne roberts (born september 30, 1944) is a canadian food policy analyst and writer.
other director private company khoo seven||khoo is the director of seven other private companies.
launch 100 parveen more album||parveen has launched more than 100 albums.
battle mayor victorious palace pepin herstal austrasian franks||the franks were victorious in the battle under the austrasian mayor of the palace, pepin of herstal.
university esser iowa northern graduate||esser is a graduate of the university of northern iowa.
e. dimick horace dealer firearm active louis 1849 st. missouri early 1870s gunsmith||horace e. dimick was a gunsmith and firearms dealer active in st. louis, missouri from 1849 through the early 1870s.
bear krasnozavodsk 1980 soviet union compete olympics summer||born in krasnozavodsk, she competed for the soviet union at the 1980 summer olympics.
grain race informal great grain name annual race generally south sailing australia spencer season gulf port windjammer lizard southwesternmost cornwall point united grain specific port kingdom coast||grain race or the great grain race was the informal name for the annual windjammer sailing season generally from south australia's grain ports on spencer gulf to lizard point, cornwall on the southwesternmost coast of the united kingdom, or to specific ports.
region grow many high dramatically change beginning since especially education since colonial experience middle twentieth century period||higher education in the region has grown dramatically and has experienced many changes, since its beginnings in the colonial period, and especially since the middle of the twentieth century.
mystery series write johnson hero johnson dorothy novel dunnett originally maiden dorothy publish name halliday||johnson johnson is the hero of a series of mystery novels written by dorothy dunnett (originally published under her maiden name, dorothy halliday).
hentzi darker aphonopelma similar considerably coloration||it is similar in coloration to aphonopelma hentzi, but considerably darker.
season modern 2010 asian asian tour main man professional 16th golf exclude tour establish 1995 since asia japan tour||the 2010 asian tour was the 16th season of the modern asian tour, the main men's professional golf tour in asia excluding japan, since it was established in 1995.
2017 women match international match sailing racing stage regatta series season series racing 2017||2017 women's international match racing series was a series of match racing sailing regattas staged during 2017 season.
cricket limited over come high somerset cup hedges score 1990 benson||this score, which was his highest in limited-overs cricket, came against somerset in the 1990 benson & hedges cup.
achieve video vevo view 6 million youtube||the video has achieved over 6 million views on youtube/vevo.
chinese university institute finance china specialize finance business||china institute of finance was a chinese university specializing in business and finance.
issue length church order baptism meeting method occur||this occurred over issues of meeting length, church order and method of baptism.
conference standard annual code aapor ethic promote understanding seek public role well public opinion as publication ethical well research conduct sound use democracy opinion research public||through its annual conference, standards and ethics codes and publications, aapor seeks to promote a better public understanding of the role of public opinion research in a democracy, as well as the sound and ethical conduct and use of public opinion research.
know well pace sing tarana good that high one odissi contemporary music consider interpreter||she is best known for her tarana that she sings at a high pace and is considered one of the best contemporary interpreters of odissi music.
2014 release second studio album band include single know hell heaven top mess uk rock go world us chart march||in march 2014, the band released their second studio album, going to hell, which included the singles "heaven knows" and "messed up world" which topped the us and uk rock charts.
kite foil various set include fly line up system 2 2- 4 3- line wrist band bar system compare depowerable line consist ring bar 4 system use line handle||foil kites are flown with various line set-ups that includes 2-, 3- and 4-line systems; 2-line systems consisting of rings, wrist bands or bar compared to depowerable 4-line systems using a bar or handles.
part fulton lakes fourth chain lake||fourth lake is part of the fulton chain lakes.
league begin united make debut scottish dundee career 2006 premier||he began his career in the scottish premier league for dundee united, making his debut in 2006.
cepheidae jellyfish family||cepheidae is a family of jellyfish.
news begin bears bad follow two sequel bears breaking news training remake 1977 bad bad news bears 1976 bad bears japan go 1978 2005 news||it began in 1976 with the bad news bears, and was followed by two sequels and a remake: the bad news bears in breaking training (1977), the bad news bears go to japan (1978) and bad news bears (2005).
derive syncope medical syncopy loss name consciousness films fainting term||the name syncopy films derives from "syncope", the medical term for fainting or loss of consciousness.
1994 dos also develop first series game m title north rate only america||developed in 1994, it is a dos-only title and is also the first game in the series to be rated m in north america.
new middlesex confuse county jersey milltown||not to be confused with milltown, new jersey in middlesex county.
broadcast commercial 1956 1980 mean virtually only television family able oz unless see mgm wizard 1970 early children attend matinees||between 1956 and 1980, commercial broadcast television was virtually the only means by which families were able to see the wizard of oz, unless they attended the mgm children's matinees in the early 1970s.
unveil 2013 1 rajkumar youtube october||rajkumar was unveiled on 1 october 2013 on youtube.
taxonomic treatment family several other member family passerine state currently flux||as with several other passerine families, the taxonomic treatment of this family's members is currently in a state of flux.
encyclopedia include also region variety grape site producer wine wine||the site also includes an encyclopedia of wine regions, grape varieties and wine producers.
college cross m.b.a. receive wells holy business school harvard b.a. harvard school law j.d.||wells received his b.a. from college of the holy cross, his m.b.a. from harvard business school, and his j.d. from harvard law school.
band 9th 2007 festival yuma 2008 june sensa 7th june festival||the 2007 festival was on june 9th with band like sensa yuma and the festival 2008 will be on june 7th.
ghost south dakota states incomplete town america list united||this is an incomplete list of ghost towns in south dakota, united states of america.
death william follow gift university 2015 permanent collection scheide library part||in 2015, following the death of william scheide, the library was gifted to the university to be a part of the permanent collection.
spider funnel tegenaria bulgaria argaeica turkey find web||tegenaria argaeica is a funnel-web spider found in bulgaria and turkey.
release 2014||plus, both released in 2014.
third county level division administration people level include republic banner county autonomous china banner level county county district autonomous city||county-level divisions are the third level of administration of the people's republic of china and include counties, autonomous counties, banners, autonomous banners, county-level cities and districts.
underwood write keith carrie urban faith rimes shelton hill lambert miranda leann blake other country performer song flatts many rascal||he has written songs for carrie underwood, keith urban, faith hill, leann rimes, blake shelton, miranda lambert, and rascal flatts, among many other country performers.
review action states most united subcommittee constitution judiciary civil house recently justice document||the most recently documented action on it was a review by the united states house judiciary subcommittee on the constitution and civil justice.
feed include larvae psidium specie sellowiana record macadamia eriobotyra acca psidium domestica japonica prunus pyrus guajava pyrifolia citrus specie include citrus persicae integrifolia citrus australis unshiu cassine schizomeria limon ovata prunus||the larvae have been recorded feeding on psidium species (including psidium guajava), acca sellowiana, macadamia integrifolia, eriobotyra japonica, prunus domestica, prunus persicae, pyrus pyrifolia, citrus species (including citrus unshiu and citrus limon), cassine australis and schizomeria ovata.
park studio locate 495 benham street hamden connecticut radio towers||studios are located in radio towers park, 495 benham street in hamden, connecticut.
ghs school galva unit part community also galva high include district 224 galva school school junior elementary||ghs is part of galva community unit school district 224, which also includes galva junior high school, and galva elementary school.
base sometimes balungan melody modify though way generally play simple||sometimes it plays melodies based on the balungan, though generally modified in a simple way.
consulate governor follow moesia province 100 inferior that competent rufus 98 appoint suggest administrator||following his consulate, he was appointed governor of the province of moesia inferior from 98 to 100, suggesting that rufus was a competent administrator.
h. humanist andrew librarian bullen digital||andrew h. bullen is a digital humanist and librarian.
old speciman describe schultz paris only museum bonpontius as america collect label tropical||it was described from an old specimen at the schultz-bonpontius museum in paris, labeled only as having been collected in "tropical america."
album morten abel pop 1999 norwegian artist||and i is a 1999 album by norwegian pop artist morten abel.
firm big south five africa one law||it is one of the "big five law firms" in south africa.
jalgpallihalli second annual turniir estonia tournament edition||jalgpallihalli turniir is the second edition of the annual tournament in estonia.
towel 1910 tea design adapt calendrical include motif kitchenware theme redwork||in the 1910s, tea-towel motifs were adapted into redwork designs, including calendrical themes and kitchenware.
style major publication fashion include feature work elite decor instyle traveler country report elle robb town women wear daily feature new addition times veranda york forbes article||his works have been featured in major fashion and style publications including elite traveler, elle decor, instyle, town & country, robb report, veranda and women's wear daily in addition to featured articles in forbes and the new york times.
approximately total 100 have student||in total, it has approximately 100 students.
radio accrete two four jet have hole black||it has four radio jets (two from each accreting black hole).
farb philanthropist fundraiser art carolyn collector||carolyn farb is philanthropist, fundraiser and art collector.
mona 10412 hodges marinitincta number lacinipolia||the mona or hodges number for lacinipolia marinitincta is 10412.
use standard because also node system configurable file extremely chroot'able environment easily very custom lend||also, because it uses a standard chroot'able file system for every node, it is extremely configurable and lends itself to custom environments very easily.
process speciman involve 3 more cut section||the process involves cutting the specimen into 3 or more sections.
spencer august paul brooklyn bear 1947 new 1 sochaczewski coach write conservationist advisor york communication - writer organization governmental international american non||paul spencer sochaczewski (born august 1, 1947 in brooklyn, new york) is an american writer, writing coach, conservationist and communications advisor to international non-governmental organizations.
where society aim senior consult hear represent foster respect include||it aims to foster a society where seniors are respected, consulted, included, represented and heard.
aim organization spread mosquito africans study also connect continent information||the organization also aims to spread information on the study of mosquitoes and connect africans from across the continent.
describe open use nearness close ness close open rather vs||the use of "close" describes nearness rather than open-ness (i.e. open vs close).
tour album krief promote europe canada||krief toured across canada and europe to promote the album.
java hibernate class database primary mapping datum type table datum feature type sql mapping java||hibernate's primary feature is mapping from java classes to database tables, and mapping from java data types to sql data types.
snaresbrook however ward borough redbridge london most street cover wanstead high||however, snaresbrook ward in the london borough of redbridge covers most of wanstead high street.
story police send richmond hammer tell former capital states confederate america investigate virginia judy crime chief||it tells the story of police chief judy hammer, who is sent to richmond, virginia, the former capital of the confederate states of america, to investigate crimes.
contact system fluid||each of these is in contact with some of the fluid in the system, but not all of it.
star gary mansion picardo actress busey originally 2012 robert plan now 2014 release schedule blood||as an actress she stars alongside robert picardo and gary busey in "mansion of blood", which, originally planned for 2012, is now scheduled for a 2014 release.
have black wing border blue brown fringe male edge white usually||the males usually have blue wings with a black-brown border and a white fringe at the edge.
treasurer clark l. secretary wesley||wesley l. clark was the secretary and treasurer.
common industry construction wheelbarrow use gardening||use of wheelbarrows is common in the construction industry and in gardening.
bayburt province bayburt turkish turkey ili province||bayburt province (turkish: bayburt ili) is a province of turkey.
ultralite aircraft american ultralight worldwide spitfire manufacture fred ultralite industries later ecker air worldwide ultralights houston bell don magic design texas||the worldwide ultralite spitfire is an american ultralight aircraft that was designed by fred bell and manufactured by worldwide ultralite industries and later by don ecker and air magic ultralights of houston, texas.
hierarchy own orbac role concept organization view context furthermore constraint activity separation||furthermore, orbac owns concepts of hierarchy (organization, role, activity, view, context) and separation constraints.
pollution increase affect dust plant||increased pollution and dust may affect the plants.
arch parabolic||it is not a parabolic arch.
india purpose lincoln first small market clinical trial 2011.as loss people study sense smell 2016||lincoln first marketed it for that purpose in india in 2011.as of 2016 it had been studied in a small clinical trial in people with loss of the sense of smell.
creek boggy 2011 two straight video legacy release latter||the legacy of boggy creek (2011), the latter two were released straight-to-video.
moth pselnophorus pterophoridae family albitarsella india find||pselnophorus albitarsella is a moth of the pterophoridae family that is found in india.
race third mark korean running prix grand||the race marked the third running of the korean grand prix.
most popular united league club karachi||karachi united are the league's most popular club.
jones eric bear 23 english june football player 1931 ulverston preston north end forest play rovers accrington nottingham former stanley lancaster 1950 southport early 1960 doncaster city||eric jones (born 23 june 1931 in ulverston) is an english former football player, who played for preston north end, nottingham forest, doncaster rovers, accrington stanley, southport and lancaster city in the 1950s and early 1960s.
person 5,000 support volunteer 12 ambucs member resource center total high point nc staff||a total of 12 staff persons support over 5,000 volunteer members from the ambucs resource center in high point, nc.
program radio host walk grace daily mcvey ministries walk grace president||mcvey is the host of the daily radio program "grace walk", and president of grace walk ministries.
cereali protect specie united gramini kingdom chrysolina c.||the species chrysolina cerealis and c. graminis are protected in the united kingdom.
professor selvamanickam m.d mechanical physics professor anderson chair engineering university houston||selvamanickam is an m.d anderson chair professor of mechanical engineering and a professor of physics at the university of houston.
huff northeast 1811 fort vallonia 1812 establish day fort jackson indiana present states united county||huff's fort was established around 1811 or 1812 northeast of fort vallonia in present-day jackson county, indiana, united states.
note american broadly project large northwest back variety 1970 more date||he is more broadly noted in the american northwest for a large variety of projects that date back to the 1970s.
part communal violence culminate sequence partition india riot||the riots were part of a sequence of communal violence that culminated in the partition of india.
school silo high high oklahoma school durant||silo high school is a high school in durant, oklahoma.
court opinion judge license find enforceable easterbrook write valid||judge easterbrook wrote the opinion for the court and found such a license was valid and enforceable.
tarn commune department pouzols france southern poulan||poulan-pouzols is a commune in the tarn department in southern france.
announce afl september return east 27 retirement fremantle 2007 wafl captain||on 27 september 2007 he announced his retirement from the afl and returned to captain east fremantle in the wafl.
consider inter tribate attractive - column||the tribate inter-columns are considered attractive.
2000 refer generally prior part exist district downtown simply||prior to the 2000s, this district did not exist, and was generally referred to simply as "part of downtown."
2014 boletus know||until 2014, it was known as boletus inedulis.
one valley two school district continuation enroll more student 500 view||valley view is one of two continuation schools in the district and enrolls more than 500 students.
anderson kevin james american 27 bear science fiction author bestseller 1962 march 50||kevin james anderson (born march 27, 1962) is an american science fiction author with over 50 bestsellers.
break leg bowler hardly first googly team such use||he was a leg-break and googly bowler but was hardly used as such in the first team.
politically mugulbu development know village area village also mubi surround few village small mbilla kilometer parnyel muchami muda buladega||mugulbu is a village also politically known as development area few kilometers to mubi, the village is surrounded with some small villages of muda, mbilla, parnyel, buladega and muchami.
house build include carriage mill property schooley historic 1828 list contribute national register mountain district historic places property||the property includes a mill and carriage house built in 1828 and is a contributing property to schooley's mountain historic district which is listed on the national register of historic places.
civil moral right express move kennedy legality issue assert previous equality that appeal cause just racial||expressing civil rights as a moral issue, kennedy moved past his previous appeals to legality and asserted that racial equality was a just cause.
pterophoridae wheeleria family greece lyrae endemic moth||wheeleria lyrae is a moth of the pterophoridae family that is endemic to greece.
f.c. english base club perseverance football west methley yorkshire methley||methley perseverance f.c. was an english football club based in methley, west yorkshire.
share enhance benefit life site include improve participant quality attitude provide group different that community service increase cost need age opportunity attract additional share create act saving funding positive marketing relation public source resource tool||benefits of shared sites include that they enhance quality of life for all participants, improve attitudes about different age groups, provide needed services to the community, increase cost savings and create opportunities to share resources, and attract additional funding sources and acts as positive public relations/marketing tools.
go cardiologist patiala repute become||he went on to become a reputed cardiologist of patiala.
reggae rise capleton album fifteenth studio dancehall 15 may 2007 release artist||rise them up is reggae, dancehall artist capleton's fifteenth studio album, released on may 15, 2007.
may 2 thirty only jockey second addition american north 2016 win become thoroughbred race 5,000 race history||in addition, on may 2, 2016 he became only the thirty-second jockey in the history of north american thoroughbred racing to win 5,000 races.
day following return rusedski when two injury prior force ankle play week withdraw||when they returned the following day, rusedski, who had been playing with an ankle injury from two weeks prior, was forced to withdraw.
dulhin come station paliganj bazar police vidhan sabha constituency||it comes under dulhin bazar police station and paliganj vidhan sabha constituency.
spring avenue brook former run resort perpendicular site mineral original actually remnant street resort try name medicinal use name put brook||mineral spring avenue runs perpendicular to the brook near the site of the former resort, and the name of the street may actually be a remnant of the original name and the resort that tried to put the brook to medicinal use.
shao bear 1947 shaofa xu male fa tennis player table international china hsu former||xu shaofa (hsu shao-fa) (born 1947), is a male former international table tennis player from china.
economic assembly serve commerce committee development insurance committee institutions chiusano financial||chiusano served in the assembly on the commerce and economic development committee and the financial institutions and insurance committee.
56 u.s. 65 reach uk why have while strong uk 63 reach people man||"some people" reached #56 in the uk and #65 in the u.s., while "why does a man have to be strong" reached #63 in the uk.
family england house inglesby estate same name name||the house was named inglesby after the family estate in england of the same name.
education philosophy give happy birth||he gave birth to the philosophy of happy education.
1682 bombardment algiers algiers france naval french algerian operation 1681 war regency 1688||the bombardment of algiers in 1682 was a naval operation by france against the regency of algiers during the french-algerian war (1681-1688).
call director meira film gem hidden blitstein blaustein unique festival first praise prior screening film eye regular accept introduction submission as||the director of the festival, meira blaustein called the film "a hidden gem" and praised blitstein's "unique eye" during her introduction prior to the first screening, as the film had been accepted through regular submission.
ugandan d'ujanga electrical engineer politician giw||giw d'ujanga is a ugandan electrical engineer and politician.
swami name vivekananda||it is named after swami vivekananda.
supermarket occupy site now sainsbury||a sainsbury's supermarket now occupies the site.
ronan sir novel walter scott||ronan's well is a novel by sir walter scott.
design have introduce third case 2009 late polycarbonate unibody||a third design, introduced in late 2009, had a polycarbonate unibody casing.
depression tour tour alternative pop american artist post pop namesake launch iggy concert support studio album depression pop seventeenth post||the post pop depression tour was a concert tour by american alternative artist iggy pop, launched in support of his namesake seventeenth studio album post pop depression.
louis march jr. 1975 7 bear american hampton canadian william football national football defensive former football canadian league nfl league cfl back||william louis hampton jr. (born march 7, 1975) is a former american and canadian football defensive back in the national football league (nfl) and canadian football league (cfl).
rhine bank have long western river middle history back reach lie roman ages time||lying on the western bank of the rhine river, it has a long history reaching back through the middle ages to roman times.
dart dislocata dislocated diarsia noctuidae family moth||the dislocated dart (diarsia dislocata) is a moth of the noctuidae family.
canadian bear dixhoorn historian b. five volume editor van the theologian minutes chad westminster assembly publish oxford university 1652 press 1643 2012 papers||chad b. van dixhoorn, a canadian-born theologian and historian, is the editor of the five-volume the minutes and papers of the westminster assembly: 1643-1652 published by oxford university press in 2012.
hietanen bear 3 matti professional player 1983 finland volleyball january||matti hietanen (born 3 january 1983) is a professional volleyball player from finland.
action police first chief police headquarters bar member lot commission parking police||the police chief's first action was to bar police commission members from the police headquarters and parking lot.
australia station leave sail england 1873||she left the australia station in 1873 and sailed for england.
addy 1931 traditional yacub choreographer bear drummer ghanaian wynton composer marsalis collaborate||yacub addy (born 1931) was a ghanaian traditional drummer, composer and choreographer who collaborated with wynton marsalis.
c. cornelius jr. bear june 1980 well brown know american 19 brown jr. neil actor||cornelius c. brown jr. (born june 19, 1980), better known as neil brown jr., is an american actor.
successfully defendant sue||he sued the defendant successfully.
february seek reelection announce 2014 strachota||in february 2014, strachota announced she would not seek reelection.
recall historic make generation duty future democracy rule europe base law liberty unite||it was made to recall future generations to their historic duty of uniting europe based on liberty and democracy under the rule of law.
dame fight notre 1911 football team irish 1911 notre football represent dame university season college||the 1911 notre dame fighting irish football team represented the university of notre dame during the 1911 college football season.
cannon locate court courthouse tennessee building square county county center woodbury historic county government cannon||the cannon county courthouse located at court square in woodbury, tennessee, is an historic building and the center of county government in cannon county.
send hit 22 us 2016 radio contemporary november||it was sent to us contemporary hit radio on november 22, 2016.
successfully challenge home set notable secretary power most life term sentence prisoner minimum||he is most notable for successfully challenging the home secretary's powers to set minimum terms for life sentence prisoners.
iupac technical detail present group prepare known method electrokinetic most world phenomena report expert||details of this method are presented in iupac technical report prepared by a group of most known world experts on the electrokinetic phenomena.
convert conservative recruit stand party various general 1945 manage election success||it managed to recruit various converts from the conservative party and stood in the 1945 general election but without any success.
1160 first aristocratic appear french europe||it first appears in europe around 1160 in "aristocratic" french.
states united sci channel 4 2007 november air fi||it aired in the united states on the sci fi channel on november 4, 2007.
seat newton county city county||the city is the county seat of newton county.
however property finally piece small county secure otsego remain carr when john tunnicliff bury 1804 lake schuyler farm death||finally, however, a small piece of property was secured for him, and carr remained in otsego county until his death in 1804, when he was buried on john tunnicliff's farm near schuyler lake.
historic baptist original house tablet wall church creed decalogue prayer lord display well as today mattaponi national register historic 1753.it 1973 bible places date list||today, historic mattaponi baptist church houses the original wall tablets displaying the decalogue, creed, and lord's prayer, as well as a bible dated 1753.it was listed on the national register of historic places in 1973.
nominate best eight oscar category sound same win more||he won an oscar for best sound and was nominated for eight more in the same category.
flowage lake victoria county scotia mcmillan nova canada north eastern||mcmillan flowage is a lake of victoria county, in north-eastern nova scotia, canada.
sitcom family television american happy series 13 june 1961 air 23 january one||one happy family is an american sitcom television series that aired from january 13 until june 23, 1961.
ena tri smrt author slovenian ljubezni evald novel flisar||ljubezni tri in ena smrt is a novel by slovenian author evald flisar.
currently west station central broadcastingthe one adult own album only alternative station station louisiana four||the station is currently owned by west central broadcastingthe station is one of only four adult album alternative stations in louisiana.
queensland season 16th queensland cup level league statewide top 2011 rugby competition||2011 queensland cup was the 16th season of queensland's top-level statewide rugby league competition.
serve large cuisine wooden porcelain metal cantonese basin style communal consumption||it is a cantonese cuisine served in large wooden, porcelain or metal basins due to the communal style of consumption.
venan other title develop ninjatown ds recent monopoly monopoly iphone classic nintendo nba include touch ipod ipod worldwide live touch iphone||other recent venan-developed titles include ninjatown for the nintendo ds, monopoly worldwide and monopoly classic for the iphone and ipod touch, and nba live for the iphone and ipod touch.
garven surname||garven is a surname.
only need child spy visual object familiar vocabulary play||to play i spy, a child needs only the visual vocabulary of familiar objects.
king consort daughter available pass new ascend tawananna||tawananna passed to her daughter or the new king's consort, whichever was available to ascend.
football two grimsby town head club league physiotherapist||he is head physiotherapist of football league two club grimsby town.
catholic latin roman dioecesis diocese congo diocese m'banza mbanzacongensis congo ecclesiastical mbanza province luanda angola city locate||the roman catholic diocese of mbanza congo (latin: dioecesis mbanzacongensis) is a diocese located in the city of m'banza congo in the ecclesiastical province of luanda in angola.
4 be 2014 american event games south bowling||there were 4 bowling events at the 2014 south american games.
city town trumbull bridgeport gold westport border weston connecticut coast easton||it borders the city of bridgeport and towns of trumbull, easton, weston, and westport along the gold coast of connecticut.
portray record ambrose research easy event company veteran base interview||the events portrayed are based on ambrose's research and recorded interviews with easy company veterans.
downland chalk call situate town part expanse cranborne southern chalk include chase nearby large plain dorset downs england salisbury||the town is situated on chalk downland called cranborne chase, part of a large expanse of chalk in southern england which includes the nearby salisbury plain and dorset downs.
triples rogatkin bmx asa miami worlds dirt win 2013||rogatkin won the asa triples in miami and bmx dirt worlds in 2013.
release game windows microsoft playstation 4 july one 2016 xbox||the game was released in july 2016 on microsoft windows, playstation 4, and xbox one.
jan luggenhoelscher kurakin compete medal grand win team world prix junior figure junior championships skating 1997 place 11th compete twice 1999 16th||before teaming up with kurakin, she competed with jan luggenhoelscher, winning medals on the junior grand prix and competing twice at the world junior figure skating championships, placing 16th in 1997 and 11th in 1999.
good sonata regard though at beethoven cycle companion least early popular as public||beethoven regarded it as the best of his early sonatas, though some of its companions in the cycle have been at least as popular with the public.
banner base sky ullman james novel first citadel ascent ramsey televise name||it is based on banner in the sky, a james ramsey ullman novel about the first ascent of the citadel, and was televised under this name.
take realize recollect that have very different investigation memory event||after each recollecting their takes on the event, they realize that they have very different memories of the investigation.
hip child hop duo puppy big sister calvin mills tamara brother iii compose mills boy dee||the puppies were a child hip hop duo composed of brother and sister calvin "big boy" mills iii and tamara dee mills.
1993 states rhode united christminster island move found ontario 2008 glastonbury lady hamilton monastery chapel incorporate oratory||founded in 1993 in rhode island in the united states, christminster moved to hamilton, ontario, in 2008, incorporating the oratory of our lady of glastonbury as its monastery chapel.
manchester rename club 1894 f.c move 1923 road city maine||the club was renamed manchester city f.c in 1894, and moved to maine road in 1923.
dungeons supplement survival dragons guide fantasy role game play dungeoneer||dungeoneer's survival guide is a supplement to the dungeons & dragons fantasy role-playing game.
mother wonacott year old 102 live||wonacott's mother lived to be 102 years old.
al guard tradition rakim legendary stand sleepers dog islamic long sleep seven||in islamic tradition, al rakim was the dog that guarded the legendary seven sleepers and that stood by them all through their long sleep.
august machmer charlotte death 13 1905 austrian date sprinter bear unknown||charlotte machmer (born 13 august 1905, date of death unknown) was an austrian sprinter.
mesopotamian subvariety arabic||it is a subvariety of mesopotamian arabic.
pardi eighth position single 23 hot 21 country reach chart respectively airplay chart country songs||it is pardi's eighth charted single, reaching positions of 23 and 21 on the hot country songs and country airplay charts respectively.
three payment annual tenant pay become money upon 999 year interest 10 rental annum c lease pound annual||the money to be paid in three annual payments with interest or to become tenants upon leases of 999 years at the annual rental of 10 pounds per c per annum, etc.
no uk . peak 35 album||the album itself peaked at no. 35 in the uk.
carbaryl naphthyl 1 chemical methylcarbamate family carbamate chiefly insecticide use||carbaryl (1-naphthyl methylcarbamate) is a chemical in the carbamate family used chiefly as an insecticide.
music song film december 2011 video karr accompanying dean angeles los||an accompanying music video for the song was filmed in december 2011 in los angeles by dean karr.
affairs geographical home ministry 260880 code give||the ministry of home affairs has given it a geographical code of 260880.
main australian kensington road city capital adelaide road south||kensington road is a main road in the south australian capital city of adelaide.
star guest include todd sanford notable rundgren arnold townsend kaufman andy schwarzenegger band zmuda bob||notable guest stars included arnold schwarzenegger, todd rundgren, the sanford-townsend band, andy kaufman, and bob zmuda.
contraction that oilfield 2015 industry somewhat reduce figure 120,000 mean unit just||the contraction of the oilfield industry throughout 2015 meant that this figure was reduced somewhat to just under 120,000 units.
folk adaro active 1997 2006 rock medieval band german||adaro was a german medieval folk rock band active from 1997 to 2006.
2012 release 20 april||it was released on april 20, 2012.
then select list state money award recipient diploma head stipend lifetime medal sum||the recipients are then selected from that list by the head of state, who awards them a sum of money, a diploma, a medal and lifetime stipend.
m. current lieutenant eric general smith marine as commander force marine u.s. expeditionary forces corps iii well japan||lieutenant general eric m. smith is the current commander of the iii marine expeditionary force, as well as u.s. marine corps forces japan.
area old stone contain date period ruin century 16th 13th century||the area contains old stone ruins dating to a period between the 13th century and the 16th century.
family minea cossidae moth chalcidica||chalcidica minea is a moth in the family cossidae.
airflyte theater anthology american series nash 21 begin 1950 cbs television september air 10:30pm evening new drama live thursday city york||the nash airflyte theater is an american drama/anthology television series that began september 21, 1950 on cbs, airing live at 10:30pm on thursday evenings from new york city.
more begin hold hostage drink slash chrissie face heavily scalpel result||he begins drinking more heavily resulting in him holding chrissie hostage and slashing her across the face with a scalpel.
freedom 1971 records second flight album shuggie otis release epic fall||freedom flight , released in the fall of 1971 on epic records, is the second album by shuggie otis.
support island bill construction prince railway edward||he supported the bill for the construction of a prince edward island railway.
passenger vip queen ii elizabeth airline dublin part visit include republic fly ireland 2011||the airline's vip passengers have included queen elizabeth ii, who flew to dublin as part of her 2011 visit to the republic of ireland.
formerly 1996 2007 west bloomfield know point||it was formerly known as west point-bloomfield from 1996 to 2007.
info end broadcast wizja merger wizja tv 2002 cyfra+||wizja info ended broadcasting in 2002 after the merger of wizja tv and cyfra+.
game treasure local play rethymno hunt two crete take week carnival people place||the treasure hunt in rethymno is a game played by local people in crete and takes place two weeks before carnival.
show hoppus compose response guitarist compose tom rock delonge second first while album date single||hoppus composed "the rock show" in response, while guitarist tom delonge composed the album's second single, "first date".
crime british television paula milne second drama write air january one 2000 february 9 6 bbc 2001 sight||second sight was a british television crime drama, written by paula milne, that aired on bbc one from 9 january 2000 to 6 february 2001.
gold win summer olympics 1996 atlanta medal medal gold represent also 1992 team barcelona olympics ukraine summer unified||he won a gold medal at the 1996 summer olympics in atlanta, representing ukraine, and also a gold medal for the unified team at the 1992 summer olympics in barcelona.
procedure water million estimate 1 consumer lose value loss||the loss to consumers in watering down procedures has been estimated at $1 million in lost value.
san antonio american insurance relocate health thereafter services siebert associates found||he thereafter relocated to san antonio and founded american health insurance services and siebert and associates.
bitfinex bittrex december binance 2017 new user registration temporarily stop high demand||in december 2017, along with binance and bitfinex, bittrex temporarily stopped new user registrations due to high demand.
27 1939 february commission lay 1941 28 july||she was laid down on 27 july 1939 and commissioned 28 february 1941.
german imperial navy commission november sm 1916 uc-66 14||she was commissioned into the german imperial navy on 14 november 1916 as sm uc-66.
2012 member gibraltar uefa october national gfa provisional futsal team participate under-19 team uefa season under-17 competition 2013/14 representative||from october 2012, the gfa were provisional members of uefa and the gibraltar national futsal team, under-19 and under-17 representative teams participated in the 2013/14 uefa season competitions.
- re cd release 2011 28 records fhp remastere track||in 2011, it was remastered and re-released on cd with 28 tracks on fhp records.
lodi city san joaquin mayor county current||he is the current mayor of the city of lodi in san joaquin county.
lee tn ky manager james regional sumner||james lee sumner was the regional manager in tn and ky.
1 offer easynew broadband service currently country million 206 user||easynews currently offers service to over 1 million broadband users in 206 countries.
work sourcefabric 2011 africa west radio platform april station news newscoop build soundcloud integration democracy use airtime||in april 2011, sourcefabric worked with west africa democracy radio to build a news platform for the station using airtime, newscoop and soundcloud integration.
one odi play international tour match twenty20 international follow month day series netherlands play england also||she played both one day international (odi) and twenty20 international matches on the tour, and the following month also played series against the netherlands and england.
suburbs currently association play eastern football||they currently play in the eastern suburbs football association.
creek host universal silver high school program creek leadership learning independent academy silver||silver creek hosts universal high school, an independent learning program, and the silver creek leadership academy.
lake forest currently illinois reside||he currently resides in lake forest, illinois.
book write fogel chapter review litman joseph copyright law wonderful twentieth century||joseph fogel, reviewing the book, wrote: litman's chapter on twentieth-century copyright law is wonderful.
numerous follow award dinner category players variety player year premier league formal year include player international player coach team manager present year year||following a formal dinner, numerous awards are presented, in a variety of categories, which include; players' player of the year, premier league player of the year, international team player of the year and coach/manager of the year .
tigers krefeld club pinguine join fellow del||he joined the tigers from fellow del club, the krefeld pinguine.
first animate television 2002 series air list||a list of animated television series first aired in 2002.
well decision historian thus important australian legal regard landmark federalism||thus, the decision could well be regarded by historians of australian federalism as an important legal landmark.
similar form dickosteus watsonosteus skull j. distinguish longoccipita in easily though that anatomical common have feature homostiid long skull||its skull is similar in form to those of watsonosteus and dickosteus, though j. longoccipita can be easily distinguished from them in that its skull is longer, and has anatomical features in common with homostiids.
failure commercial spilsbury film appear since film huge never||the film was a huge commercial failure, and spilsbury has never appeared in any films since.
win june women go eight beat henley paul states america united 2011 st. regatta||in june 2011 his eight went on to win the henley women's regatta, beating st. paul's of the united states of america.
championship opponent wayne division fort game 5 6 east freedom||their opponent in the east division championship game was the fort wayne freedom (6-5).
institution high um exist c.u.m learning other mbuyi universitaire such center||the um, exists alongside other institutions of higher learning such as the c.u.m (center universitaire de mbuyi).
two 800 main small 80 seat seat auditorium have theater studio theater||it has two auditoriums, an 800-seat main theater and a small 80-seat studio theater.
alexander united hamilton states ssbn-617 class missile uss submarine lafayette ballistic||uss alexander hamilton (ssbn-617) was a united states lafayette-class ballistic missile submarine.
that size earth scientist milky estimate way alone planet billion galaxy||scientists estimate that there may be billions of earth-size planets within the milky way galaxy alone.
monique may bear 25 1966 female rugby union player former hirovanaa||monique hirovanaa (born 25 may 1966) is a former female rugby union player.
evelyn 1907 sibley 13 june lampman april american young writer fiction 18 adult 1980 child||evelyn sibley lampman (april 18, 1907 - june 13, 1980) was an american writer of children's and young adult fiction.
new say york times review book seriously read if take go human ever while newsweek call remarkable book probably notice sexuality live woman level document move new man deep feminism other||the new york times book review said, "it must be read and it must be taken seriously if human sexuality is ever going to live up to its notices" while newsweek called it "a remarkable book...that has probably moved both women and men on a deeper level than any other document of the new feminism".
reimagine molly character portray hernandez allegra runaways set marvel acosta hulu cinematic universe television series||the character is reimagined as molly hernandez and portrayed by allegra acosta in the hulu television series runaways which is set in the marvel cinematic universe.
aperture chamber opening pit end pit||the pit aperture is the opening at either end of the pit chamber.
crambidae zovax family whiteheadii moth||zovax whiteheadii is a moth in the crambidae family.
common child more appear increase frequency adult||they are more common in children than adults and appear to be increasing in frequency.
first mentor albania series kosovo judge version x factor||she was a mentor and judge on the first series of albania and kosovo's version of the x factor.
novels literature oz 1924 eighteenth grampa children portal oz book series create portal l. frank successor fourth plumly ruth thompson baum write||children's literature portal novels portal grampa in oz (1924) is the eighteenth in the series of oz books created by l. frank baum and his successors, and the fourth written by ruth plumly thompson.
album account distribution billboard two single hot mercury chart country songs promotion||under mercury's promotion and distribution, the album has accounted for two singles on the billboard hot country songs charts.
booborowie sometimes north name use day gazette separate willalo now early north synonymously locality||in early days, the north booborowie name was sometimes used synonymously with willalo, which is now gazetted as a separate locality to its north.
reload execute magazine weapon hand while new magazine eject shooter body place tactical hold draw||a tactical reload is executed by ejecting the magazine with the hand holding the weapon while drawing a new magazine from its place on the shooter's body.
football club runner fair 5 time port adelaide good||he was runner up in port adelaide football club best and fairest 5 times.
andrew pawley together contribute meredith oceanic osmond ross proto produce volume several project lexicon proto semantic vocabulary reconstructed various domain oceanic||together with andrew pawley and meredith osmond, ross has contributed to the proto-oceanic lexicon project, which has produced several volumes of reconstructed proto-oceanic vocabulary in various semantic domains.
thomas holtz most group common ancestor ornithomimus descendant define name common bird recent ancestor||this group was named by thomas holtz, who defined it as "the most recent common ancestor of ornithomimus and birds, and all descendants of that common ancestor."
2009 papa group vegas january re - piece connors replace bass five randy add force tate john keyboard||in january 2009 papa vegas re-grouped as a five piece with john connors replacing force on bass, and adding randy tate on keyboards.
despite broadcast ban immediate strongly advertising clearance disagree center lead say that accident||despite the immediate ban, the broadcast advertising clearance center said it "strongly disagreed" that it could lead to accidents.
species tandyi toad family werneria bufonidae||werneria tandyi is a species of toad in the family bufonidae.
tribe moth sized mid hadeninae - subfamily caradrinini||caradrinini are a mid-sized tribe of moths in the hadeninae subfamily.
spanish style grande mission hotel revival example casa build national register 1928 1995 list||its mission/spanish revival style casa grande hotel, for example, was built in 1928 and was listed on the national register in 1995.
class graduation member 1868 club discontinue member when graduate 1878 class 1839 edward brooks include class everett hale phillips 1855 old initiate 1879 undergraduate restore class charter||with the graduation of the members of the class of 1868, the club was discontinued until 1878, when graduate members, including edward everett hale (class of 1839) and phillips brooks (class of 1855), initiated undergraduates from the class of 1879, to whom the old charter was restored.
saint consider orthodox church coptic||he is considered a saint by the coptic orthodox church.
merci team team long cycling together have presence tour france 1984 sport 1935 peugeot de||together with the peugeot team, the mercier team had a long presence in the cycling sport and in the tour de france from 1935 until 1984.
inconspicuous flower mm 8 creamy diameter white fragrant||the inconspicuous flowers are fragrant, creamy-white and some 8mm in diameter.
president 1869 preside council start council november city ordinance perform many meeting formerly mayor ascribe sign duty||starting in november 1869, the president of the city council presided over council meetings and signed ordinances, performing many of the duties formerly ascribed to the mayor.
machine disk two dvd metal band cd head american release charge stop industrial||can't stop the machine is a two-disk cd/dvd release by the industrial metal band american head charge.
record label change highkey records name lowkey records also||he also changed the name of his record label lowkey records to highkey records.
currently serve lucas common term end january pleas 3 2011 court county||he is currently serving on the lucas county common pleas court, with a term ending january 3, 2011.
school technical boy collection several site amalgamate school wollongong 1954 originally current street north wollongong lysaght site||originally a collection of boys' technical schools on several sites throughout wollongong, the school was amalgamated in 1954 at its current site in lysaght street north wollongong.
brazil retire 1996 event definitively||from 1996 on, brazil retired definitively from the event.
samir humanitarian pediatrician chaudhuri indian||samir chaudhuri is an indian pediatrician and humanitarian.
2008 follow yngve sequel orheim 2012 love man company prequel||it is a sequel to the man who loved yngve from 2008 and was followed by the prequel the orheim company in 2012.
19th rowell century early own house sister||the house was owned early in the 19th century by the rowell sisters.
baptist found 1797 britain member church great union alliance evangelical||the church was founded in 1797 and is a member of the baptist union of great britain and the evangelical alliance.
city lilla transfer 1916 bridge essingen as replace exploit 1930 steel bridge girder current truss bridge||the bridge was transferred over to the city in 1916, and as lilla essingen was being exploited in the 1930s, the bridge was replaced by the current steel bridge with trussed girders.
piece wood place top surface head extend neck body fretboard||the fretboard is a piece of wood placed on the top surface of the neck, extending from the head to the body.
division american tbwa\chiat\day worldwide agency advertising tbwa||tbwa\chiat\day is the american division of the advertising agency tbwa worldwide.
owner training new run choose male cigar then hurricane mile early 2014 bertie stakes keep win career become where final broodmare race retire||her new owner chose to keep her in training into early 2014, running her against males in the cigar mile, and then in the hurricane bertie stakes, where she won the final race of her career, to be retired and become a broodmare.
variety building style architectural church building many design purpose have now modern layout convert other original similarly building use other many put church church use||modern church buildings have a variety of architectural styles and layouts; many buildings that were designed for other purposes have now been converted for church use; and, similarly, many original church buildings have been put to other uses.
conduct doctoral anti dissertation gay - violence research||for her doctoral dissertation, she conducted research on anti-gay violence.
fact wooden fingerhole valve that usually brass despite hornbostel class musical scheme construction instrument rather trumpet place sachs classification||despite wooden construction and the fact that it has fingerholes rather than valves, it is usually classed as a brass; the hornbostel-sachs scheme of musical instrument classification places it alongside trumpets.
short distance approximately new hour brunswick large saint one island john city driving||the island is a short distance (approximately one hour driving) from new brunswick's largest city, saint john.
scientist list page link contain||this page contains links to list of scientists.
codename barcode part windows microsoft live live service windows confucius||windows live barcode (codenamed confucius) was a part of microsoft's windows live services.
three year collaboration highly successful first most producer product generally donovan consider example musical genre one first know mickie psychedelia come||it was the first product from the highly successful three-year collaboration between donovan and producer mickie most and is generally considered to be one of the first examples of the musical genre that came to be known as psychedelia.
radio city station xhimr fm mexico||xhimr-fm is a radio station in mexico city.
that announce september airiel first rock 2007 perform however band 30 sealand take place concert||on september 30, 2007, it was announced that airiel would be the first rock band to perform at sealand; however, the concert did not take place.
see local attempt particular pennsylvania taxation heavily rely land more value however||however, pennsylvania in particular has seen local attempts to rely more heavily on the taxation of land value.
review medical journal neuromuscular neuromuscular disorders muscular peer disease dystrophy focus atrophy muscular myasthenia include spinal||neuromuscular disorders is a peer-reviewed medical journal that focuses on neuromuscular disease, including muscular dystrophy, spinal muscular atrophy, and myasthenia.
compilation album n.w.a. first group release posse fila song fresh feature also rappinstine de ron - vu crew 1987||the group's first release was the compilation album n.w.a. and the posse in 1987, which also featured songs by the fila fresh crew, rappinstine and ron-de-vu.
list company distribution animation||this is a list of animation distribution companies.
represent participation expo large||this represents the largest participation at any expo.
1979 bear weiser new york city base garth artist||garth weiser (born 1979) is an artist based in new york city.
school clay district county school serve district headquarter florida cove green county clay springs||clay county school district is a school district serving clay county, florida and headquartered in green cove springs.
unsuccessfully election incumbent run mayor koj 2010 piotr receive local % vote second 47,07 round bytom||in the 2010 local election he unsuccessfully ran against the incumbent mayor of bytom, piotr koj, receiving 47,07% of votes in the second round.
species clepsis tortricidae enochlode family moth||clepsis enochlodes is a species of moth of the family tortricidae.
reason early parish clear president 1842 foster original school replace||in early 1842, for reasons that are not clear, foster replaced parish as president of the original school.
seat stadium 6,000 capacity seat||the seating capacity of the stadium is 6,000 seats.
center people where village 2010 define 1,221 census town troy designate reside new locate hampshire census cdp 12 route place||the town center village, where 1,221 people resided at the 2010 census, is defined as the troy census-designated place (cdp), and is located along new hampshire route 12.
salado district part locate independent southern school bell county||it is part of the salado independent school district located in southern bell county.
coat buttock forehead completely white while underbelly brown||the coat is brown, while the forehead, underbelly and buttocks are completely white.
constable ceasefire freedman after door store although eighteen gather rush range arrange white shoot close||although the constable arranged a ceasefire, after the freedmen gathered at the door of the store, some eighteen whites rushed and shot at them at close range.
only manage 23 play further three suffer include game injury season major injury knee 1992||he managed to play only 23 games in three seasons after suffering further injuries including a major knee injury in 1992.
law attorney lancaster 1614 appoint duchy barrister general||he was a barrister at-law and was appointed attorney-general of the duchy of lancaster in 1614.
attain ten worldwide top country position australia include other germany kingdom united canada eight||worldwide, it attained top-ten positions in over eight other countries including australia, canada, germany and the united kingdom.
other country permanently city include region people settle nigerians malians also chadians||people from other countries in the region have also permanently settled in the city; they include nigerians, chadians, and malians.
katherine horton schoolmates gladys consist tillman later gordon juanita cowart anderson cowart georgeanna now motley now georgia young replace dobbins rogers prior group wanda sign now first deal schaffner||they consisted of schoolmates gladys horton, katherine anderson (now schaffner), georgeanna tillman (later gordon), juanita cowart (now cowart motley), and georgia dobbins, who was replaced by wanda young (now rogers) prior to the group signing their first deal.
member 1945 1939 represent social finland party sdp finland parliament democratic||he was a member of the parliament of finland from 1939 to 1945, representing the social democratic party of finland (sdp).
species risoba avola nolidae family moth||risoba avola is a species of moth of the nolidae family.
nagar panchayat town area district mahrajganj uttar rae state pradesh bareli indian||mahrajganj is a town area and nagar panchayat in rae bareli district in the indian state of uttar pradesh.
dexia play contract belgium sign namur||she signed a contract to play with dexia namur in belgium.
1st recruit 6th district female 4th recruit recruiting parris island send||all recruits from the 1st, 4th and 6th recruiting districts and all female recruits are sent to parris island.
official broxi bear rangers club mascot football||broxi bear is the official mascot of rangers football club.
electronica music age new describe||their music can be described as new-age electronica.
two then play los collins clippers play 2010 2008 angeles season knicks||collins played for the knicks for two seasons and then played for the los angeles clippers from 2008 to 2010.
usage term find example law where contract contract avoidance ex void then tunc ex lead nunc treat though on come as existence case never||an example of usage of the term can be found in contract law, where avoidance of a contract can lead to it either being void ex nunc, i.e. from then on, or ex tunc, in which case it is treated as though it had never come into existence.
orthology selection most use basic english note institute orthological language word||the most noted use of orthology is for the selection of words for the language of basic english by the orthological institute.
historic cafe locate wha basement||the historic cafe wha? is located in its basement.
zagorje slovenian first first club time 2016 league history win||zagorje has won the slovenian first league in 2016 for the first time in club history.
high many ranking good list book achieve seller||many of his books have achieved high ranking on best seller lists.
sawfly euura species common sawfly belong family tenthredinidae nigricantis||euura nigricantis is a species of sawfly belonging to the family tenthredinidae (common sawflies).
1732 whitehall evening report post that frederick prince cricket attend great wales 27 thursday july kew august match||in august 1732, the whitehall evening post reported that frederick, prince of wales attended "a great cricket match" at kew on thursday 27 july.
scientist western depict addition mad archetypical scientist culture demand engineer use profession skill go regular betterment other often knowledge great risk above personal||in addition to the archetypical mad scientist, western culture depicts scientists and engineers who go above and beyond the regular demands of their professions to use their skills and knowledge for the betterment of others, often at great personal risk.
ugandan officer okoth serve police ochola general martin uganda police inspector police igp force high branch uganda march effective 2018 4 government rank||martin okoth ochola, is a ugandan police officer, who serves as the inspector general of police (igp) of the uganda police force, the highest rank in that branch of uganda's government, effective 4 march 2018.
alternative group rock music american california ray beach newport||ray is an american alternative rock music group from newport beach, california.
also steel shank band produce wonsers velma magnet||he also produced for bands like steel shank, magnet, the wonsers, and velma.
30 wayne roberts bear september analyst policy food writer 1944 canadian||wayne roberts (born september 30, 1944) is a canadian food policy analyst and writer.
locate great editorial barrington massachusetts 1981 office||until 1981, its editorial offices were located in great barrington, massachusetts.
manufacturer ride open 2006 intamin element know unique norwegian build loop swiss feature||built by swiss manufacturer intamin, the ride opened in 2006 and features a unique element known as a "norwegian loop".
fire studio netherlander first earth band rock symphonic earth fire album||earth and fire is the first studio album by the netherlander symphonic rock band earth and fire.
colliery berryfield coal originally own trustees bridgewater linnyshaw manchester operate walkden greater 1860 coalfield mine then england county lancashire manchester historic||linnyshaw colliery or berryfield was a coal mine originally owned by the bridgewater trustees operating after 1860 on the manchester coalfield in walkden, greater manchester, then in the historic county of lancashire, england.
gather shellfish diving||some shellfish are gathered by diving.
species villa family bombyliidae harveyi fly bee||villa harveyi is a species of bee fly in the family bombyliidae.
webb royal british officer american army quebec serve wound louisburg||webb was a british officer, served in the royal american army, and was wounded at louisburg and quebec.
cricket off primarily slow contemporary limited use cutter cricket ball||in contemporary cricket, the off-cutter is primarily used as a slower ball in limited over cricket.
bear muzaffarnagar village district nala||he was born in the village of nala in the muzaffarnagar district.
temperature precipitation time time temperature diagram use diagram kinetic steel change also represent embrittlement||time-temperature-precipitation diagrams and time-temperature-embrittlement diagrams have also been used to represent kinetic changes in steels.
international make junior grand isu prix 2011 brasov romania debut||she made her international debut at the 2011 isu junior grand prix in brasov, romania.
synagogue ypc shari neighborhood conservative locate south eli whitman philadelphia||ypc shari-eli is a conservative synagogue located in the whitman neighborhood of south philadelphia.
mla tom labor 23 1983 marrickville june die cahill||marrickville labor mla tom cahill died on 23 june 1983.
include transport element long distance major sieve plant function channel sugar act||sieve elements' major function includes transporting sugars over long distance through plants by acting as a channel.
admit again that prichard play contact hear see copy never||he again contacted prichard who admitted that he had heard of the play but had never seen a copy.
distribute arctic population zealand tierra disjunct new fuego genus subarctic del||the genus is distributed throughout the arctic and subarctic, with disjunct populations in new zealand and tierra del fuego.
stinson 1976 25 manitoba bear august rivers actor motion donavon television capture film||donavon stinson (born august 25, 1976 in rivers, manitoba) is an actor in motion capture, film and television.
money million prize wen chong become first liang exceed 27 mainland season china golfer order merit top||prize money for the season exceeded us$27 million and liang wen-chong became the first golfer from mainland china to top the order of merit.
eventually henry give church viii provost become eton property college fellows 1531||the church was to eventually become the property of henry viii who gave it to the provost and fellows of eton college in 1531.
scientists profit young australia promotion dedicate 14 organization australia old science year collection 25 demographic||the young scientists of australia are a collection of not-for-profit organizations dedicated to the promotion of science in australia to the 14-25 year old demographic.
human many story lampoon include aspect medium society culture since condition 2006 debut appear book popular waldo commonwealth gus three publish first uk country series translate publish number - book english non brazil also country austria germany italy switzerland speak finland||their stories lampoon many aspects of the human condition including popular culture, society, and the media since their debut in 2006, gus and waldo have appeared in three books published in the uk and all commonwealth countries, with the first book of the series also translated and published in a number of non-english-speaking countries (brazil, finland, germany, austria, switzerland and italy).
poet many such dafydd welsh brwynllys time tudur ap glyn guto'r amharedudd rheinallt learning praise hywel bedo scholarship||many of the welsh poets of the time, such as bedo brwynllys, dafydd amharedudd ap tudur, guto'r glyn and hywel rheinallt praised his scholarship and learning.
center development ayala major commercial land locate operate business ayala manila central metro makati philippines district||the ayala center is a major commercial development operated by ayala land located in the makati central business district in metro manila, philippines.
site east 1954 winfree church intersection side move present street gill chester street||the church was moved to its present site in 1954, from the east side of winfree street at the intersection with gill street in chester.
grand final brisbane undefeated enter season concede draw while only loss adelaide three include one brisbane two point round fifth concede loss||brisbane had entered the grand final as undefeated, conceding only one draw during the season, while adelaide conceded two losses, including a three-point loss to brisbane in the fifth round.
25 1982 vineet bear maharashtra november india state aurangabad producer screenwriter 2d director animator 3d artist film editor verma storyboard||vineet verma (born 25 november 1982 in aurangabad, state of maharashtra, india) is a film director, screenwriter, producer, editor, 2d and 3d animator, and storyboard artist.
originally call lookalike 1981 rv jeep 1998 make iteration build wing car eagle ss call gull several||originally making a jeep lookalike called the rv, between 1981 and 1998 they built several iterations of a gull-winged car called the eagle ss.
employment area agriculture main sector||agriculture is the main employment sector in the area.
require individual responsibility share fine payment pay otherwise||otherwise, they are required to pay the individual shared responsibility payment as a fine.
many oval point shape divide leave leaflet long two centimeter||the leaves are divided into many oval-shaped, pointed leaflets up to two centimeters long.
tbc kingdom local benefit bahrain pos handle switch transaction service other atm company||the benefit company (tbc) is the local switch in the kingdom of bahrain handling atm and pos transactions among other services.
hold engineering industrial mtech mechanical engineering btech degree||he holds a btech degree in mechanical engineering, and an mtech in industrial engineering.
original biblical language employ language bible writing||biblical languages are any of the languages employed in the original writings of the bible.
include 2012 220 relate work 5 14 plan objective 2009 global project priority action outline worker plan health as||the 2009-2012 work plan includes 220 projects, which relate to 5 objectives and 14 priorities as outlined by a global plan of action for workers' health.
south gulf moro||to the south is the moro gulf.
people 2005 have second 1,829 village large population line kiritimati islands whole make||as of 2005 it has a population of 1,829 people, making it the second largest village on kiritimati and in the whole line islands.
search coast as well rescue drug role interdiction guard||the coast guard's role is search and rescue as well as drug interdiction.
bruce fire end season snyder coach||they were coached by bruce snyder who was fired at the end of the season.
establishment publish 1461 federal treatise union call state purpose decide christian political consideration interest europe europe counterweight establish authority common matter while papal||in 1461 he published a treatise calling for the establishment of a federal union of all christian states in europe for the purpose of deciding on political matters out of considerations for the common interests of europe, while establishing counterweight to papal authority.
1959 regiment arms combat regiment regimental since system u.s. parent system army regimental regimental infantry 3rd element germany iraqi serve infantry division freedom 7th army reserve operation korea division||since 1959, the regiment has been a parent regiment under the combat arms regimental system and the u.s. army regimental system, with regimental elements serving with the 3rd infantry division in germany and operation iraqi freedom, with the 7th infantry division in korea, and in the army reserve.
1969 college graduate vermont bennington become norris administrator art first american academy book two poetry year poets later publish||after graduating from bennington college in vermont in 1969, norris became arts administrator of the academy of american poets, and published her first book of poetry two years later.
york new physician group st. louis st. san chicago work francisco paul form new chapter angeles los||it is working with groups of physicians in new york, chicago, st. louis, st. paul, san francisco and los angeles to form new chapters.
allow employ small crossing obstruction similar chasm procedure similar||a similar procedure can be employed to allow crossings of small chasms or similar obstructions.
operate ashanti anglogold||it is operated by anglogold ashanti.
city regal county united states north crow minnesota kandiyohi river fork||regal is a city in kandiyohi county, minnesota, united states, along the north fork of the crow river.
paul december jayson 1984 10 ring name jtg know anthony bear wrestler well american well time professional author wwe know||jayson anthony paul (born december 10, 1984), better known by the ring name jtg, is an american professional wrestler and author who is best known for his time in wwe.
botanist jean baptiste name french guillemin antoine genus||the genus was named after the french botanist jean baptiste antoine guillemin.
establish school 1072 1929 peekskill elm street new peekskill york united states high locate||peekskill high school, established in 1929, is located at 1072 elm street in peekskill, new york, united states.
feature one glass large former center zcmi store zcmi chandelier hang||one of the features of the zcmi center was a large glass chandelier that hung in the former zcmi store.
lawson matthews march 1943 bear jamaican cricketer 18||lawson matthews (born 18 march 1943) is a jamaican cricketer.
wikipedia information hamilton see more page||for more information, please see the wikipedia page for hamilton.
1898 scottish stevenson robert play footballer professional full bear back||robert stevenson (born 1898) was a scottish professional footballer who played as a full-back.
eem identify advance resolve automatically use problem event trigger call set type situation threshold event detectors set run action specific periodically watch||using eem, problems can be identified and resolved automatically in advance by setting event triggers (called event detectors) to watch for specific types of situations or thresholds, or run a set of actions periodically.
back move regularly 1982 perform shetland continue||in 1982 they moved back to shetland and continue to perform regularly.
two general asad hussain star currently army dg pakistan azad khalid kashmir services medical ak serve dgms||khalid hussain asad is a two-star general in pakistan army, currently serving as the dg medical services, azad kashmir (dgms ak).
have iaaf cup also second finish 2003 european 2002 respectively success third distance same||he has also had some success in the iaaf european cup finishing second and third in 2002 and 2003 respectively at the same distance.
championship 2 cams australian formula seventh award||it was the seventh australian formula 2 championship to be awarded by cams.
that level high make cricket fact 1923 grade suggest late 1922 festival figure season cricket that hastings season south royal eastbourne air - ex play service force rest side north xi rest notable lord cowdray cricket name england such jack percy gilligans fender hobbs woolley frank||that he might have made the grade at a higher level of cricket is suggested by the fact that, in the 1922 and 1923 seasons, he figured in late-season festival cricket at eastbourne and hastings, playing for south v north, for the royal air force (ex-service) side against the rest of england, and for the rest against lord cowdray's xi, alongside notable cricketing names such as jack hobbs, frank woolley, percy fender and the gilligans.
camp also international participate league one fight||it was also one of the camps participating in the international fight league.
marquette engineering primary opus one college university marquette university milwaukee locate wisconsin college||the marquette university opus college of engineering is one of the primary colleges at marquette university, located in milwaukee, wisconsin.
official rhythm associate editor heart cardiac rhythm journal society serve heart society board other electrophysiology editorial peer review journal several medical electrocardiology american journal college include publication cardiology||he is an associate editor of heart rhythm, the official journal of the heart rhythm society and the cardiac electrophysiology society, and serves on the editorial board of several other peer-reviewed medical publications, including journal of electrocardiology and journal of the american college of cardiology.
2012 11 ware bears august waive||on august 11, 2012, ware was waived by the bears.
family michenera genus corticiaceae fungus||michenera is a genus of fungi in the family corticiaceae.
member description genus giant fly sole squirrel biswamoyopterus biswamoyopterus 2013 laotian laoensis||it was the sole member in the genus biswamoyopterus until the description of the laotian giant flying squirrel (biswamoyopterus laoensis) in 2013.
prototype observation vought american united o5u navy requirement states 1930s catapult floatplane launch scouting meet aircraft||vought o5u was a 1930s prototype american observation floatplane to meet a united states navy requirement for a catapult launched scouting aircraft.
english sister theresia dutch 1932 east theresia indies modern indonesia direct film day schilling wong brother m. help h. zuster||zuster theresia (english: sister theresia) is a 1932 film from the dutch east indies (modern-day indonesia) directed by m. h. schilling with the help of the wong brothers.
ventral siphuncle where subventral margin know slightly center longitudinally expand spindle shape as locate so||the siphuncle is subventral, located between the center and the ventral margin and, where known, slightly expanded so as to be longitudinally spindle shaped.
algorithmic composition musical software laurie mouse music spiegel develop||music mouse is an algorithmic musical composition software developed by laurie spiegel.
night tradition pittsburghers saturday two generation||it was a saturday night tradition for two generations of pittsburghers.
nicholson webster jan mayor bell||jan bell webster is the mayor of nicholson.
national register list uintah historic county utah places listing||this is a list of the national register of historic places listings in uintah county, utah.
high have coherence emit also very narrow light temporal allow laser spectrum color single light emit||lasers can also have high temporal coherence, which allows them to emit light with a very narrow spectrum, i.e., they can emit a single color of light.
fine detail distance view emerge monroe unmistakable face blur||viewed from a distance in which the fine detail blurs, the unmistakable face of monroe emerges.
parent american holdings llc yp company yp||yp holdings is the american parent company for yp llc.
since see violent terrorist upsurge kenya late attack 2011||since late 2011, kenya has seen an upsurge in violent terrorist attacks.
dwelling kitchener old house extant||the house is the oldest extant dwelling in kitchener.
31 item october 2006 release||both items were released on october 31, 2006.
name least different coronet at company records three record||coronet records is the name of at least three different record companies.
concept economic cost describe relationship scarcity choice basic express key opportunity||opportunity cost is a key concept in economics, and has been described as expressing "the basic relationship between scarcity and choice."
san juan headquarter institute||the institute is headquartered in san juan.
mustang provide also high speed towing banner p-51 especially jet havilland target vampire - co army de use maneuver extensively operation||the p-51 mustang also provided high-speed towing of banner targets, especially for de havilland vampire jets, and was used extensively for co-operation in army maneuvers.
canizales jose may retire bear american gaby 1960 boxer 1 division win lineal bantamweight championship||jose 'gaby' canizales (born may 1, 1960) is a retired american boxer who won the lineal championship in the bantamweight division.
miss california 1981.bree pageant found morse win platform foundation 2015 base support||it was founded in 1981.bree morse, miss california 2015, based her pageant-winning platform on support for this foundation.
residential complex office major citycenterdc now site retail occupy||citycenterdc, a major office, residential, and retail complex, now occupies the site.
peoria build civic 1982 center||the peoria civic center was built behind it in 1982.
have country win success home also 1994 1995 york open 1993 1994 america new darts world 1993 championship bullshooter 1992 1994 1992 cincinnati 1995 spring fling open 1991 1991 championship||he also had some success in his home country, winning the 1993, 1994, 1995 new york open, the 1994 darts america championship, the 1991, 1992, 1993 world bullshooter championship and the 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995 cincinnati spring fling open.
heard record proceed benefit release family 1992 fund album heard death||recorded and released after heard's death in 1992, proceeds from the album benefit the heard family fund.
genus fungus polydesmia hyaloscyphaceae family||polydesmia is a genus of fungi within the hyaloscyphaceae family.
sentence prison polak agree publish exchange drum relocate philadelphia los angeles cease avoid||in exchange for avoiding a prison sentence, polak agreed to cease publishing drum and relocate from philadelphia to los angeles.
fruit unisexual flower form drupe||flowers are unisexual, fruit form as drupes.
michel typical score period rhythm colombier modern brass mix instrument piano||the score from michel colombier is typical from this period, mixing piano, modern rhythms and brass instruments.
park 1949 home 1968 high school tigers auburn team stadium football 1967 auburn high team baseball school 1949||from 1949 until 1968, the park was the home stadium of the auburn high school tigers football team, and from 1949 through 1967, the auburn high school baseball team.
introduce music culture large accompany ethnic lifestyle - american multi mission us north base||its mission was to introduce the music and accompanying culture and lifestyle to a large multi-ethnic us and north american base.
school michael 18 one register mount practice school africa waldorf education southern waldorf||michael mount waldorf school is one of 18 registered schools in southern africa that practice waldorf education.
county represent match 2002 28 trophy present||from 2002 to present, he has represented the county in 28 trophy matches.
young fame woman wealthy beauty mysterious seduce emily stranger||a wealthy young woman, famed for her beauty, emily was seduced by a "mysterious stranger."
jerusalem nation african also know black jerusalem israelite black israelites simply israelites hebrews hebrew hebrew black black israelites hebrew spiritual base group now israel believe descend mainly tribes dimona member israel twelve||the african hebrew israelite nation of jerusalem (also known as the black hebrew israelites of jerusalem, the black hebrew israelites, or simply the black hebrews or black israelites) is a spiritual group now mainly based in dimona, israel, whose members believe they are descended from the twelve tribes of israel.
include village district town twin county place link city||the places include towns, villages, cities, districts, counties with twin links.
know that 2011 december elizabeth arntzen become wenche 23 behring criminal anders trial preside mass terrorism murder 2011 accuse attack norway follow breivik||on december 23, 2011 it became known that he, along with wenche elizabeth arntzen, was to preside over the criminal trial of anders behring breivik, who was accused of terrorism and mass murder following the 2011 norway attacks.
additionally chess third support gnome party automatically detect chess engine know one||additionally gnome chess supports third party chess engines, known ones are automatically detected.
english fine work england needlework medieval ecclesiastical do anglicanum use hanging opus other textile often clothing use rich secular thread velvet silver ground linen gold||opus anglicanum or english work is fine needlework of medieval england done for ecclesiastical or secular use on clothing, hangings or other textiles, often using gold and silver threads on rich velvet or linen grounds.
governor afghanistan province list samangan||this is a list of the governors of the province of samangan, afghanistan.
also fullback position usual play wing||his usual positions was fullback but he also played wing.
dumbarton 1854 form sheriffdom dumbarton bute sheriffdom combine||the sheriffdom was combined with dumbarton in 1854 to form the sheriffdom of dumbarton & bute.
217 225 interrex roman censor dictator roman 213||he was roman censor in 225, interrex in 217 and roman dictator in 213.
also hear show sirius channel radio channel radio 93 207 xm||the show can also be heard on xm radio channel 93 and sirius radio channel 207.
milwaukee point division serve floor upper aberdeen office contain railroad depot road||aberdeen served as a division point on the milwaukee road and the upper floors of the depot contained railroad offices.
124 billboard debut chart||it debuted at #124 on the billboard charts.
future 777 retro sequencer digital monophonic production synthesizer analog||the future retro 777 is a monophonic analog synthesizer with a digital sequencer and is out of production.
former succession male law portuguese primogeniture preference cognatic throne||the succession law for the former portuguese throne was male-preference cognatic primogeniture.
conservatives tim hudak official election follow return hudak progressive resignation loss conservative leader opposition progressive announce||the progressive conservatives under tim hudak were returned to the official opposition; following the election loss, hudak announced his resignation as progressive conservative leader.
currently district 2 senate candidate||he is currently a candidate for district 2 senate.
italy participate championships world athletics edition edition world athletics 1983 first hold win 43 podium 11 championships since world title medal 17 include bronze 15 medal silver||italy has participated in all editions of the world championships in athletics, held since the first edition of 1983 world athletics championships, winning 43 podiums, including 11 world titles, 15 silver medals and 17 bronze medals.
very japan release limited quanitite orochon 2010 only records vinyl only format||it was released in very limited quanitites in japan only in 2010 on orochon records in vinyl format only.
star 2nd awards ceremony hold television smart coliseum araneta quezon 1988 october 15 pmpc city 2 cbn channel abs broadcast||the 2nd pmpc star awards for television ceremony was held at the smart araneta coliseum, quezon city on october 15, 1988, and broadcast over abs-cbn channel 2.
book review theological review board member serve editor anglican board director president board christian society ethics member||he has served the anglican theological review as book review editor, board member, and president of the board and as a member of the board of directors for the society of christian ethics.
station charleroi charleroi also metro west||charleroi-west is also a station of the charleroi metro.
1876 erect building third building church congregation church house||the church building, erected in 1876, is the third building to house the church's congregation.
fs typeface consultation describe design group people font learn use disability population first design||fs me is a typeface/font that has been described as the first to have been designed in consultation with a group of people with learning disabilities and designed for use by this population.
take place lunar 7 eclipse october 1930 partial||a partial lunar eclipse took place on october 7, 1930.
go sharp 1980 decline equibank florida poor series housing loan surround bubble newly south company investment defaulted privatize american||equibank went into a sharp decline in the 1980s due to poor investments surrounding a florida housing bubble and a series of defaulted loans from newly privatized south american companies.
land 3 platform super develop game boy nintendo mario game 1994||super mario land 3 is a platform game developed by nintendo for the game boy in 1994.
2 human encode xylt2 that enzyme gene xylosyltransferase||xylosyltransferase 2 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the xylt2 gene.
acrm medicine organization professional dedicate serve people rehabilitation condition congress support american rehabilitation disable health independence promote productivity meet research quality life rehabilitation disability need clinician people||the american congress of rehabilitation medicine (acrm) is an organization of rehabilitation professionals dedicated to serving people with disabling conditions by supporting research that promotes health, independence, productivity, and quality of life; and meets the needs of rehabilitation clinicians and people with disabilities.
singh bang cajone brian background kessler aka sing self title 2009 vocal producer arvind record||arvind singh (aka brian kessler) bangs on a cajone, sings background vocals, and is producer of their self-titled 2009 record.
january shlomo orthodox einhorn dean rabbi 1979 bear yavneh yavneh 21 hebrew los school angeles academy yeshivat||shlomo einhorn (born january 21, 1979) is an orthodox rabbi and dean of school at yeshivat yavneh (yavneh hebrew academy), in los angeles.
services royal returned association new refer association services often returned know rsa zealand well one voluntary organization large one welfare zealand simply old organization new world - ex service||the royal new zealand returned and services' association, often referred to as the returned services' association but best known simply as the rsa, is one of the largest voluntary welfare organizations in new zealand and one of the oldest ex-service organizations in the world.
september bear sisto 30 1972 valley american california grass actress know play meadow 1992 film caroline mostly ron captain||meadow sisto (born september 30, 1972 in grass valley, california) is an american actress mostly known for playing caroline in the 1992 film captain ron.
demand gobind child playmate boil feed gram salt||she fed the child gobind and his playmates, at his demand, with boiled and salted gram.
polymer mip molecularly process imprinting polymer leave technique use molecular imprinted matrix affinity template choose molecule cavity polymer||a molecularly imprinted polymer (mip) is a polymer that has been processed using the molecular imprinting technique which leaves cavities in the polymer matrix with an affinity for a chosen "template" molecule.
1993 also nearby islet singapore claim south ledge rocks middle||in 1993, singapore also claimed the nearby islets middle rocks and south ledge.
release magic tale eight first peacock ball studio||peacock's tale is the first studio release by magic eight ball.
elect lok karnataka 1977 sabha chamarajanagar||he was elected to the lok sabha from chamarajanagar karnataka in 1977.
appear records 2016 book 15 have author limca publish crime novel month fiction 57||he has appeared in 2016 in the limca book of records as the author who has had 15 crime fiction novels published in 57 months.
milkshake presenter wilkinson||wilkinson, was a presenter of milkshake!
weiland july richard 26 1958 paul bear member politician businessman democratic party american state dakota south||richard paul weiland (born july 26, 1958) is an american businessman, politician and member of the democratic party from the state of south dakota.
state number act total member 1929 reapportionment cap||the total number of state members is capped by the reapportionment act of 1929.
begin mevalonate pathway coa end acetyl ipp production dmapp||the mevalonate pathway begins with acetyl-coa and ends with the production of ipp and dmapp.
scorpion international rotorway line manufacture helicopter||the scorpion line of helicopters was manufactured by rotorway international.
four hotel take first place 2010 soft launch january festivewalk mall 20 shopping 1 follow february||the soft launch of the first four hotels took place on 20 january 2010, with the festivewalk shopping mall following on 1 february.
laetifomes family polyporaceae genus fungal||laetifomes is a fungal genus in the family polyporaceae.
air open landscaping concourse waterfall feature||its open-air concourses feature waterfalls and landscaping.
center adventure issue particular issue end cliffhanger adversary||each issue centered on an adventure against a particular adversary, and each issue ended on a cliffhanger.
species gecko tapanuli sumatra indonesia cnemaspis endemic northern||cnemaspis tapanuli is a species of gecko endemic to northern sumatra in indonesia.
rule 5 1976 twins minnesota two pitch draft season system release take||he was taken in the 1976 rule 5 draft by the minnesota twins, and pitched two seasons in their system before being released.
ph.d. receive political bachelor rochester institute science massachusetts university science study politic technology economic engineering where||he received his ph.d. in political science from the university of rochester and a bachelor of science from the massachusetts institute of technology, where he studied engineering, economics and politics.
team pro all football player choose american various selector 1940 all pro consist football team league nfl season national 1940 nfl||1940 all-pro team consisted of american football players chosen by various selectors for the all-pro team of the national football league (nfl) for the 1940 nfl season.
hadith accept sunni shia islam||this hadith is accepted in both shia and sunni islam.
15 journalist year spend marlowe also time||marlowe also spent 15 years as a journalist for time.
park increase estate building 1970s 1960 size new goldthorn||goldthorn park was increased in size with the building of new estates in the 1960s and 1970s.
renate play parma loan||he plays for renate on loan from parma.
know timanan also||it also known as timanan.
sofia parade june hold first pride stonewall same date 28 new 2008,on city occur riot 1969 york||the first sofia pride parade was held on june 28, 2008,on the same date as the stonewall riots in new york city that occurred in 1969.
st juxta monmouthshire usk llangattock church parish 15th datable church century origin cadoc||the church of st cadoc, llangattock-juxta-usk, monmouthshire is a parish church with its datable origins in the 15th century.
sawfly euura species common sawfly belong family tenthredinidae nigricantis||euura nigricantis is a species of sawfly belonging to the family tenthredinidae (common sawflies).
american film biographical drama write michael base experimenter 1961 experiment direct almereyda 2015 milgram||experimenter is a 2015 american biographical drama film written and directed by michael almereyda, based on the 1961 milgram experiment.
popular imprenta print la||it was printed at imprenta "la popular".
win mid championships 2008 also 2010 kerry 2001 2007||he has also won mid kerry championships in 2001, 2007, 2008 and 2010.
miss california 1981.bree pageant found morse win platform foundation 2015 base support||it was founded in 1981.bree morse, miss california 2015, based her pageant-winning platform on support for this foundation.
17 december kazakh shekerbekova boxer female bear zhaina 1989||zhaina shekerbekova (born 17 december 1989) is a kazakh female boxer.
frs bear 24 october candelas british uk philip 1951 mathematician london physicist||philip candelas, frs (born 24 october 1951, london, uk) is a british physicist and mathematician.
that mention still circulation||he mentions that they were still in circulation.
breakout denmark hit become knudsen robert bodil film award actress award best receive||the film became a breakout hit in denmark and knudsen received both the robert award and the bodil award for best actress.
okanogan part - cascades north sub range range||it is part of the okanogan range which is a sub-range of the north cascades.
bury football base club club st edmunds bury suffolk football team||team bury football club was a football club based in bury st edmunds, suffolk.
five cluster assign group parameter certain weightage cluster||these parameters have been grouped into five clusters and these clusters were assigned certain weightages.
player boat screen control have as cast fish top 100 possible many catch||the player controls a boat along the top of the screen and has 100 casts to catch as many fish as possible.
grind focus dance partner face perreo other also male usually know back female one||it is a dance that focuses on grinding, also known as perreo, with one partner facing the back of the other (usually male behind female).
g. irwin elephants ceo current president paul american bible crisis 2005 2008 society president american bible society presents former host june former||paul g. irwin is the current president and ceo of elephants in crisis, former president of the american bible society (2005 - june 2008) and former host of american bible society presents.
country world internet average connection speed fast have||the country has the world's fastest average internet connection speed.
brussels exhibition lisbon hold||the exhibition is held in lisbon or brussels.
release october records chrysalis 20 1986||it was released on 20 october 1986 by chrysalis records.
nine theater play appear series movie tv 2003 1992||she appeared in nine movies, series and tv theater plays, between 1992 and 2003.
main star sequence g approximately wasp-4 type year 900 constellation phoenix light away||wasp-4 is a g-type main sequence star approximately 900 light-years away in the constellation of phoenix.
share capital cvc sell 2008 partners ahold||in 2008 ahold sold its shares to cvc capital partners.
february john garcia gensel 1998 6 lutheran february 16 community jazz creator ministry minister york 1917- new city jazz||john garcia gensel (february 16, 1917- february 6, 1998) was a lutheran minister of the jazz community, and the creator of jazz ministry in new york city.
county shane - inter dublin carthy gaelic footballer||shane carthy is an inter-county gaelic footballer for dublin.
december bear santana ramon dominican baseball 12 professional twins ervin league 1982 minnesota pitcher baseball mlb major||ervin ramon santana (born december 12, 1982) is a dominican professional baseball pitcher for the minnesota twins of major league baseball (mlb).
states location also spread united expand internationally 300||it has spread to over 300 locations in the united states and has also expanded internationally.
platinum studios melbourne record except 10 flat australia one flower band shop collingwood track record member||it was recorded at platinum studios in melbourne, australia, except for track 10 which was recorded in the flat of one of the band members above a flower shop in collingwood.
vary experiment level enhance demonstrate substantially growth exist formulation that nutrient series||a series of experiments demonstrated that varying the levels of these nutrients enhanced growth substantially over existing formulations.
east texas honeycutt league 1946 manager champion ray oilers||under manager ray honeycutt, the oilers were east texas league champions in 1946.
incumbent bill republican reelection second senator u.s. roth win term||incumbent republican u.s. senator bill roth won reelection to a second term.
c. bear 20 gridiron justin july defensive hickman end 1985 currently football free agent||justin c. hickman (born july 20, 1985) is a gridiron football defensive end who is currently a free agent.
adhesin include invasin factor factor antiphagocytic||these factors include adhesins, invasins, and antiphagocytic factors.
darren chief newbury university brighton editor||the editor-in-chief is darren newbury (university of brighton).
wallfisch bear 1953 june english 15 cellist raphael london||raphael wallfisch (born 15 june 1953, london) is an english cellist.
bear sampey sampey monique angelle 7 angelle 1970 august louisiana stock motorcycle american new pro racer orleans||angelle sampey, born angelle monique sampey, august 7, 1970, new orleans, louisiana, is an american pro stock motorcycle racer.
have 866 employee also bank||the bank also had 866 employees.
rain race gold win vos medal heavy marianne netherlands||in heavy rain, the race and gold medal was won by marianne vos of the netherlands.
high lincoln locate high public county tallahassee school school leon florida||lincoln high school is a public high school located in leon county, tallahassee, florida.
commonwealth force die member war world ii commemorate 11,866 memorial||the memorial commemorates 11,866 commonwealth forces members who died during world war ii.
account firsthand german provide 6th army experience cope journal how outside interpretive situation propaganda influence censorship||his journal provides a firsthand account of what the german 6th army was experiencing and how they were coping with the situation, without the outside interpretive influence of propaganda and censorship.
many publish 20th book reproduce early adapt present century||it has been reproduced and adapted in many books published from the early 20th century to the present.
note well rule many new fort where village become king sri krishnadevaraya powerful build nayaka kingdom vijayanagar most||nayaka is well noted for his rule where he built many new villages and forts and has became the most powerful king beside sri krishnadevaraya in vijayanagar kingdom.
sawback range mountain rockies finger alberta canadian canada||the finger is a mountain in the sawback range of the canadian rockies in alberta, canada.
repeat smu1 wd40 protein that human contain smu1 gene encode protein||wd40 repeat-containing protein smu1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the smu1 gene.
karelia song anthem derive music republic||the music of the anthem of the republic of karelia was derived from this song.
only further emi edition ravenous remixe release william orbit film feature score uk actor nyman||nyman's only further releases on emi would be the uk edition of ravenous, featuring remixes by william orbit, and the actors, both film scores.
characteristic universe existence shards impact fictional define assiti have character assiti story shards effect strike||the defining characteristic of the fictional universe is the existence of the "assiti shards effect", and the impact that strikes by assiti shards have on characters in the stories.
lyric second title come album holiday track||the album title comes from lyrics in the second track, "holiday".
allow marketing enterprise management for put place corporation allow evolution operation solution baseline experience incorporate holistic begin expectation customer value brand marketing technologies associate||enterprise marketing management allows for corporations to put in place a baseline of their operations that will allow them to begin evolution towards a holistic solution that incorporates customer experience, expectation and brand value associated with marketing technologies.
part write concerto association orchestra late 2007 puw prom premiere composition oboe||puw wrote an oboe concerto as part of this association, and his latest composition for the orchestra was premiered at the 2007 proms.
division news nmd news outlet media world television internet radio medium united disseminate nations information work work||the news and media division (nmd) works with news outlets from around the world in all media - television, radio, internet - to disseminate information on the united nations and its work.
describe blackwall 1833||it was described by blackwall in 1833.
apollo grannus apollo regularly identify||he was regularly identified with apollo as apollo grannus.
sneep servant work dutch government civil little sibil colonial valley village||sneep was a civil servant working for the dutch colonial government in a little village in the sibil valley.
hombu when grant swedish aikido rank japanese dan shihan 1998 right that assume hermansson give committee name present important factor grade||when hombu in 1998 granted swedish aikido the right to give dan ranks without a japanese shihan present, it can be assumed that hermansson's name in the grading committee was an important factor.
moth pardea erebidae watsonidia family||watsonidia pardea is a moth in the family erebidae.
often pc end use also industry user field||it is also often used on pcs for end users and in the field of industry.
cape sweden sweden citizen resident verdeans cape descent verden||cape verdeans in sweden are citizens and residents of sweden who are of cape verden descent.
round 1993 draft detroit nfl also draft st. play louis cleveland professionally rams browns lions second diego dallas chargers san cowboys broncos nfl denver||he was drafted by the detroit lions in the second round of the 1993 nfl draft, and also played professionally for the st. louis rams, cleveland browns, dallas cowboys, san diego chargers and denver broncos of the nfl.
new new objectivity translate zakelijkheid dutch nieuwe period modernist start architecture 1920s continue pragmatism 1930||nieuwe zakelijkheid, translated as new objectivity or new pragmatism, is a dutch period of modernist architecture that started in the 1920s and continued into the 1930s.
also use mostly football union host home resistencia match sarmiento match rugby||it is used mostly for football matches, but also for rugby union, and hosts the homes matches of sarmiento de resistencia.
spm lx then other resolve act form inflammatory response||like other spms, lxs form during, and then act to resolve, inflammatory responses.
cover close e up face show yella album e eazy grave eazy||the album cover shows close-up of eazy-e's face and yella himself at eazy-e's grave.
army chaplain serve wwi europe||in wwi he served as an army chaplain in europe.
dutch tulip couple immigrant farm cees tesselaar initiate johanna||this tulip farm was initiated by a couple of dutch immigrants, cees and johanna tesselaar.
meet dame 1983 rival notre bowl liberty||they met their rivals, notre dame, in the 1983 liberty bowl.
time carving powder know horn||he is known for his carving of powder horns of the time.
genus thripomyce fungus ceratomycetaceae family||thripomyces is a genus of fungi in the family ceratomycetaceae.
1847 first dumb deaf american change establish upon name annals 31 4 journal issue printing volume||it was first established in 1847 as the american annals of the deaf and dumb, the journal's name was changed upon the printing of volume 31, issue 4.
percentage win large slightly perdue do vote race gubernatorial republican than pittenger while slightly robert percentage dalton win small pat mccrory nominee phillip rhodes gubernatorial libertarian slightly percentage large gop nominee win party munger governor michael||dalton won a slightly larger percentage of the vote than did perdue in her gubernatorial race, while republican robert pittenger won a slightly smaller percentage than gop gubernatorial nominee pat mccrory and libertarian phillip rhodes won a slightly larger percentage than his party's nominee for governor, michael munger.
baronetcy ireland cairnes great monaghan title baronetage britain||the cairnes baronetcy, of monaghan in ireland, was a title in the baronetage of great britain.
continue company global found network 1998 security service provide||the company was founded in 1998 and continues to provide global network security services.
elect again 1996 house||she was again elected to the house in 1996.
house franconia kotzau local noble family||the house of kotzau was a local noble family in franconia.
marine corps whalers operation states united take kunar operation afghanistan military 2005 week disastrous august just place operation red wings province||operation whalers was a united states marine corps military operation that took place in afghanistan's kunar province, in august 2005, just weeks after the disastrous operation red wings.
communication electronic principle content only also apply when information protect message communication when see record call if case send mobile detail communication information unit location mobile||when applied to electronic communication, the principle protects not only the content of the communication, but also the information on when and to whom any messages (if any) have been sent (see: call detail records), and in the case of mobile communication, the location information of the mobile units.
fiscal 2013 end found company have asset year 3.0 billion 1905||the company was founded in 1905 and as of its 2013 fiscal year end had assets of $3.0 billion.
syrian ephrem nephew speculate that||it is speculated that he might have been a nephew of ephrem the syrian.
chair 7 2014 elect july czech european svoboda current party people parliamentary group member pavel||its current chair, elected on 7 july 2014, is pavel svoboda, a czech member of the european people's party parliamentary group.
round up available 10 magazine||magazines up to 10 rounds are available.
claim example ottoman melanchthon red turks philipp that jews muslims||philipp melanchthon, for example, claimed that the ottoman turks and muslims were the red jews.
goal offensive capture strategic city main remainder al southern shaddadi governorate state levant al islamic iraq isil hasakah||the main goal of this offensive was to capture the strategic city of al-shaddadi and the remainder of the southern al-hasakah governorate from the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil).
extrasolar planet be one know transit||there is one known transiting extrasolar planet.
boat boat moor tourist jetty run island summer devenish month||boats can moor alongside the jetty and a boat for tourists runs to devenish island in the summer months.
examine far jury decision effectiveness counsel previous court issue instruction||it further examined issues of previous court decisions on jury instructions and the effectiveness of counsel.
centrex ltd export conceive ore metals iron prospective wilgerup project koppio iron deposit peninsula hill eyre ore lower||the project was conceived by centrex metals ltd for the export of iron ore from prospective iron ore deposits at wilgerup and in the hills of koppio on lower eyre peninsula.
september form officially 15 28 1939 florence dissolve september 1943||it was formed 15 september 1939 in florence and was officially dissolved 28 september 1943.
merchant ship great elizabeth yarmouth 1825 build england||elizabeth was a merchant ship built at great yarmouth, england in 1825.
place although valentine take episode originally 21 actually february week one later day air 2011||although taking place on and around valentine's day, the episode actually aired originally on february 21, 2011, one week later.
multiple school high fowler win new state york award||in high school fowler won multiple awards in the state of new york.
hold 2 4 event december||the event was held from december 2-4.
plant europe perennial northern fifteen grow central native centimeter six inch||it is a perennial plant native to central and northern europe and grows up to fifteen centimeters, or six inches.
as disaster lead complete driver when turn so do attempt safe left||this leads to disaster as drivers attempt to complete a left turn when it is not safe to do so.
union north american part subdivision turn division 13 divisions southern one worldwide church organizational||it is a subdivision of the southern union, which in turn is part of the north american division, one of the 13 worldwide organizational divisions of the church.
abs finalist reality know cbn circle search talent star as quest||known as she was a finalist of abs-cbn reality talent search, star circle quest.
flanders choral vicar bear antwerp become 1450 1440 chaplain order take later collegiale||he was born in flanders between 1440 and 1450, and was the choral vicar at the collegiale of antwerp, became a chaplain and later took orders.
ewe make longridge parlick milk lancashire cheese fell||parlick fell is a cheese made from ewe's milk in longridge, lancashire.
colonial architectural design style anne queen revival||it was designed in the colonial revival and queen anne architectural styles.
belong dar three monuments askari salaam group unveil year then different part monument other same africa east british nairobi two mombasa||the monument in dar es salaam belongs to a group of three askari monuments that were all unveiled the same year in different parts of what was then british east africa: the other two are at mombasa and nairobi.
red member pimlico spearmint band inspectors||he is a member of the bands pimlico, the red inspectors, and spearmint.
degla sekka al hadid defeat 1 week al last competition 3 wadi||wadi degla defeated al-sekka al-hadid 3-1 in the last week of the competition.
sharkey eventually jones barely stop fight see as||eventually, sharkey stopped the fight as jones could barely see.
christopher alejandro july 22 caesar filipino bear singer 1976 songwriter philippines musician american manila||christopher caesar alejandro (born july 22, 1976) is a filipino-american singer/songwriter/musician from manila, philippines.
country format station share music||the stations share a country music format.
mr. know show kilgariff ellen well work||kilgariff is best known for her work on mr. show and ellen.
henri naphthali september ben praag 12 1916 levi van 1988 hilversum jewish november 3 educator theologian philosopher historian religious dutch also ortho educational publicist amsterdam parapsychological psychological field know writer therapist||naphthali ben levi (henri) van praag (september 12, 1916 in amsterdam - november 3, 1988 in hilversum) was a jewish-dutch educator, philosopher and theologian (or religious historian) who also became known as a (ortho) educational therapist and writer and as a publicist at the psychological and parapsychological field.
track official title trailer television song smallville premiere series show||the title track was the official song in trailers for the series premiere of the television show smallville.
play killjoys khlyen||he plays khlyen in killjoys.
child belknap 1871 accept quarterly die payment continue marsh kickback although||although the child died in 1871, belknap continued to accept quarterly kickback payments from marsh.
lead contract paridhi show actress sharma expiring air go air.then big anmol zee 8:30 monday 7:30 currently magic saturday||due to leading actress paridhi sharma's contract expiring, the show went off air.then it was being aired on zee anmol and currently on big magic on 7:30 to 8:30 from monday to saturday.
chiropractic associations congress organization promote mission profit more profession state form chiropractor unified||congress of chiropractic state associations is a not-for-profit organization formed with the mission of promoting a more unified profession for chiropractors.
similar identify message blige previous critic 2016 music single thick||music critics identified its message as similar to that of blige's previous single, "thick of it" (2016).
former many also feature groundlings second film member city||the film also features many former members of the groundlings and the second city.
become latter rapper nomination most night single||for the latter, he became the rapper with the most nominations in a single night.
despite broadcast ban immediate strongly advertising clearance disagree center lead say that accident||despite the immediate ban, the broadcast advertising clearance center said it "strongly disagreed" that it could lead to accidents.
hoard 1960 coin follow small cunetio large 55,000 much 1978 coin hoard find||in the 1960s, a small coin hoard was found, followed in 1978 by the much larger cunetio hoard of over 55,000 coins.
good hugo win professional burns time award award also award 12 bsfa artist three||burns won the hugo award for best professional artist three times and has also been awarded 12 bsfa awards.
consist singer matt halos songwriter black jeff guitarist lee camirand keyboardist band shira drummer blustein joshua kevin bassist grant wells||the band consists of singer and songwriter matt camirand (of the black halos), guitarist jeff lee, keyboardist shira blustein, bassist kevin grant and drummer joshua wells.
storm jazz american harris tender saxophonist eddie atlantic 1966 album release record label||the tender storm is an album by american jazz saxophonist eddie harris recorded in 1966 and released on the atlantic label.
world reach career ranking . world high no 2017 may 7||she reached a career-high world ranking of world no. 7 in may 2017.
edition cover artist gray first bore replace printing printing art morrow art new second steve edition hickman||all printings of the first edition bore cover art by artist gray morrow, which was replaced in all printings of the second edition with new art by steve hickman.
dublin company office toronto have customer us london have uk africa ireland canada||the company has offices in dublin, london, and toronto and has customers in ireland, the uk, the us, canada and africa.
jayapura then western regency district 12 2002 form effect november||it was formed from the western districts then within jayapura regency with effect from 12 november 2002.
deep cite indian fate society frequently democratic system concern masse||the society frequently cited its deep concern for the fate of the indian masses under a democratic system.
area development present student professional consist misconception teacher then move common student develop faulty way correct generalization thinking lesson||teacher professional development in this area consists of presenting common student misconceptions and then developing lessons to move students out of faulty ways of thinking and into correct generalizations.
coleman 18 weymouth bear february massachusetts former american kathy play 1962 actress holly know marshall tv lost show child favorite land child cult||kathy coleman (born february 18, 1962, in weymouth, massachusetts) is a former american child actress who is known for playing holly marshall in the children's tv show land of the lost, a cult favorite.
contemporary review favorable include new times paul write review book book york place so preston truly that dozen important spanish take magazine note conflict reviewer volume book spanish civil surpass other time power one "fellow detail ali war describe tariq historian spain peerless obituary account blood spanish war interview civil construct side fraser carefully participant||favorable contemporary reviews included the new york times book review, in which paul preston wrote that the book would "take its place among the dozen or so truly important books about the spanish conflict," and time magazine, whose reviewer noted, "no other volume on the spanish civil war can surpass the power and detail of this one."fellow historian tariq ali described blood of spain in fraser's obituary as "a peerless account of the spanish civil war, carefully constructed from interviews with participants on both sides.
aquarium until 1988 adelaide zoo then close marineland live||he lived at the marineland aquarium until it closed in 1988, then at the adelaide zoo.
nave bell ionian high islands single basilica tower||it is a single-nave basilica and its bell tower is the highest in the ionian islands.
scientific well indicate habitus resemble as name common babbler tit as macronus diminutive version||as the scientific as well as the common names indicate, their habitus resembles a diminutive version of the tit-babblers (macronus).
wheatley high school locate school 4801 providence secondary united phillis zip states houston street code texas 77020||phillis wheatley high school is a secondary school located at 4801 providence street in houston, texas, united states with a zip code of 77020.
role include paul abc short callan miracle live jake johnston television jacob drama jr. television green jericho l.a.p.d. detective winters law order marine rex series franchise former||television roles include paul callan in the short-lived abc drama miracles, johnston jacob "jake" green, jr. in the television series jericho, and l.a.p.d. detective rex winters, a former marine from the law & order franchise.
systems company owner valley fox applicator previously market however paint sell company spray 2006 2013 son industrial accident company close arc buy sporting goods subsequently competitor||he was previously the owner of fox valley systems, a company that marketed his spray paint applicators, however he sold the company to his sons in 2006 (the company closed in 2013 after an industrial accident and was subsequently bought out by competitor arc sporting goods).
detroit be area 2015 close school high 103||there are 103 detroit-area high schools which have closed as of 2015.
straight intend trouser tuck blouse top pant two boot leg front slash pocket simple simple patch patch back pocket opening flap two button||the trousers were straight leg pants intended to be bloused (tucked in) into boot tops with two simple patch pockets in the front with slash openings and two simple patch pockets on the back with a button flap.
incarnation tenth studio new dragon australian album zealand band||incarnations is the tenth studio album by new zealand-australian band, dragon.
hanja 34 21 be reading south reading hanja joon korean government official hanja hyung register use give name list||there are 21 hanja with the reading "hyung" and 34 hanja with the reading "joon" on the south korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
final 5th campaign body division day main encircled 180th day united fighting hard counterattack states division regiment direction army fragment flee||during the final days of the 5th campaign, the main body of the 180th division was encircled during a united states army counterattack, and after days of hard fighting, the division fragmented, and regiments fled in all directions.
insider include shooters baseball inc.||"insider baseball" and "shooters, inc." are not included.
traditional application ee edition java deploy extend websphere enterprise application server ibm||extend traditional applications in java enterprise edition (ee) and deploy them on ibm websphere application server.
include irish visual library artist national nival database arts irish artist 2015||in 2015 the artist was included in the national irish visual arts library (nival) database of irish artists.
labs body make part grant operate breakout foundation philanthropic thiel peter organization create thiel||breakout labs is a grant-making body operating as part of the thiel foundation (a philanthropic organization created by peter thiel).
hold forestry degree||he holds a degree in forestry.
australians 521 serve 60,000 war approximately more 3,000 kill wound||approximately 60,000 australians served in the war; 521 were killed and more than 3,000 were wounded.
give most 29 season frequently score time 9 give several week leader||the most frequently-given score for this season was 29, which was given 9 times to leaders in several weeks.
james 3 mcmillan templeton dunn 1945 know well bear jimmy mcmillan mcmillan jim retire speedway motorcycle rider december scottish||james dunn templeton mcmillan (born 3 december 1945), better known as jim mcmillan or jimmy mcmillan, is a retired scottish motorcycle speedway rider.
harbor west locate shore english south west bay village fortune||english harbor west is a village located on the south west shore of fortune bay.
chair 7 2014 elect july czech european svoboda current party people parliamentary group member pavel||its current chair, elected on 7 july 2014, is pavel svoboda, a czech member of the european people's party parliamentary group.
dielectric history artificial metamaterial microwave develop world war begin just ii as engineering||the history of metamaterials begins with artificial dielectrics in microwave engineering as it developed just after world war ii.
dangerous modern time uncharted forbidden inaccessible||until modern times it was uncharted, inaccessible, dangerous and forbidden.
history season competition inaugural||it was the inaugural season in the history of the competition.
commune department bossendorf grand rhin north bas france eastern est||bossendorf is a commune in the bas-rhin department in grand est in north-eastern france.
cover stereogum ep middle relationship beginning chronological reverse accord end order||according to stereogum, the ep covers the beginning, middle, and end of a relationship in reverse chronological order.
list australia notable pizzeria||this is a list of notable pizzerias in australia.
simplified 43 tellermine follow||it was followed by the simplified tellermine 43.
unincorporated kanawha virginia west county community guthrie||guthrie is an unincorporated community in kanawha county, west virginia.
caesarea begin take office favor upon practice local jewish greek florus population population city||upon taking office in caesarea, florus began a practice of favoring the local greek population of the city over the jewish population.
give most 29 season frequently score time 9 give several week leader||the most frequently-given score for this season was 29, which was given 9 times to leaders in several weeks.
vedette striptease do burlesque specialize nude stage perform also generally||vedettes specializing in burlesque generally do striptease and may also perform nude on stage.
2010 malawi lead burley producer world leaf tobacco||as of 2010, malawi was the world's leading producer of burley leaf tobacco.
black style long new coffee australia commonly zealand find||a long black is a style of coffee, commonly found in australia and new zealand.
continent tasmania include list close island australia mainland cover||the list covers the continent of australia and tasmania and includes islands close to the mainland.
county dodge united village winslow nebraska states||winslow is a village in dodge county, nebraska, united states.
big bottom farm allegany farm county register maryland places usa national historic||big bottom farm is a farm in allegany county, maryland, usa on the national register of historic places.
sanskrit contribution grammar literature recipient state gujarat award interpret know||he is known for contributions in interpreting sanskrit grammar and literature and is a recipient of gujarat state award.
carolina dallas panthers member also saskatchewan desperados roughriders steeldogs birmingham montgomery maulers||he was also a member of the carolina panthers, dallas desperados, saskatchewan roughriders, montgomery maulers, and birmingham steeldogs.
australian alc seminary formerly lutheran high college education institution informally sem luther lutheran teaching church register australia serve university divinity institution||australian lutheran college (alc), formerly luther seminary and informally "the sem", is a higher education institution serving the lutheran church of australia and a registered teaching institution of university of divinity.
introduce constituency result reform act take election registration year same effect 1832||registration was introduced for all constituencies as a result of the reform act 1832, which took effect for the election of the same year.
cameron author remodel how also august man 2005 magazine o november excerpt issue oprah show 2005 oprah subject 1||cameron is also the author of how to remodel a man, which was excerpted in the august 2005 issue of o, the oprah magazine, and was the subject of the november 1, 2005 oprah show.
jordan important source silica||the jordan is an important source of silica.
elo part moment release ii october 1 album 1994 truth||moment of truth is an album by elo part ii, released on 1 october 1994.
usually modern capital thus process large involve discovery investment drug pharmaceutical as well national industry corporation intensive government loan provide guarantee grant||modern drug discovery is thus usually a capital-intensive process that involves large investments by pharmaceutical industry corporations as well as national governments (who provide grants and loan guarantees).
return also series cart chassi lola 1987 compete good finish 12th race meadowlands race come year career 7||he also returned to the cart series that year with a 1987 lola chassis and competed in 7 races, his career-best finish of 12th coming in at the meadowlands race.
kjetil bear 1 storesletten economist 1967 february norwegian||kjetil storesletten (born 1 february 1967) is a norwegian economist.
blackish wing fascia dark brown paler finely||the wings are dark blackish brown, with a some finely paler fasciae.
sample drive instead then- chief police john note home quinn take||of note was the sample wasn't taken and he was instead driven to the home of then- police chief john quinn.
place 19 korea 25 seoul south take september 2016||it took place in seoul, south korea between 19 and 25 september 2016.
wind beneath know although wing morris credit include 1983 more ballad twenty billboard five other include country single chart chart no . five hit 1||morris is known for the 1983 ballad "the wind beneath my wings", although his credits include more than twenty-five other chart singles on the billboard country charts, including five no. 1 hits.
kabali venkatesh riythvika pivotal star role vishwanth a.||it stars kabali vishwanth, riythvika and a. venkatesh in pivotal roles.
member roses american basketball league season red briefly know where lancaster roses 1946 47||the red roses were members of the american basketball league briefly in the 1946-47 season, where they were known as the lancaster roses.
parish cornwall england croft perranzabuloe hamlet hendra||hendra croft is a hamlet in the parish of perranzabuloe, cornwall, england.
name mick story boy tell ship become believe haunt sailor||it tells the story of a boy named mick who became a sailor on a ship that was believed to be haunted.
board 2015 california criminal attorneys join justice governor||in 2015 he joined the board of governors for california attorneys for criminal justice.
ep american electronic flying music reset lotus producer||reset is an ep by american electronic music producer flying lotus.
mountain woodhouse rocky woodhousii woodhousii western woodhouse toad toad subspecie toad subgroup anaxyrus||the rocky mountain toad or western woodhouse's toad (anaxyrus woodhousii woodhousii) is a subspecies in the woodhouse's toad subgroup.
plaistow bear||she was born in plaistow.
bear ribeiro february 17 brazilian mixed martial 1983 artist esportiva luta practitioner fight retire livre de rio janeiro belt brazil brown||will ribeiro (born february 17, 1983) is a retired brazilian mixed martial artist and luta livre esportiva (brown belt) practitioner, fighting out of rio de janeiro, brazil.
bear queens 1969 york new flushing american tara donovan brooklyn work sculptor city new york live||tara donovan (born 1969 in flushing, queens in new york city) is an american sculptor who lives and works in brooklyn, new york.
station lose time viewer||for a time the station was losing viewers.
4 season professionally 1984 retire nfl play||he played professionally in the nfl for 4 seasons and retired in 1984.
publishing release start bittorrent icarus peer share ag peer file digital ag drivethrucomic network october 24 2007 2008 december||icarus publishing started releasing ag on bittorrent peer-to-peer file-sharing network in december 2007, and ag digital through drivethrucomics on 24 october 2008.
saxophonist american sonny album breezing red release label 1960 late record jazzland||breezing is an album by american saxophonist sonny red recorded in late 1960 and released on the jazzland label.
festival character a. a. honor eeyore winnie pooh milne story name||the festival is named in honor of eeyore, a character in a. a. milne's winnie-the-pooh stories.
estimate immigrant united states 11 12 million illegal official range number||official estimates of the number of illegal immigrants in the united states range from 11 and 12 million.
nicholas 1966 journalist british shaxson bear author investigator||nicholas shaxson (born 1966) is a british author, journalist and investigator.
world 1981 goltz member series dodgers appear||goltz appeared in the 1981 world series as a member of the dodgers.
that plastic fish more suggest researcher 2050 weight ocean||some researchers suggest that by 2050 there could be more plastic than fish in the oceans by weight.
sicilian italian scoglitti fishing village vittoria frazione scugghitti hamlet province sicily southern ragusa municipality||scoglitti (sicilian: scugghitti) is a southern italian fishing village and hamlet (frazione) of vittoria, a municipality in the province of ragusa, sicily.
candidate sabha indian lok election national congress nawadah contest 2009 year||she contested the lok sabha elections as a candidate of indian national congress from nawadah in the year 2009.
although grow that completely extent walton aylesbury direction still couple surround map mark mile hamlet modern||although aylesbury has grown to such an extent that it completely surrounds walton by a couple of miles in each direction, the hamlet is still marked on modern maps.
immediately prior appointment ministerial chairman media group guardian guardian publisher chairman observer securities large newspaper property quote company europe time land||immediately prior to his ministerial appointment he was chairman of the guardian media group, publisher of the guardian and the observer newspapers, and chairman of land securities, the largest quoted property company in europe at that time.
joke occasionally represent||occasionally they represented inside jokes.
school wainstalls area where hannah british cockroft win london gold paralympian contain games study two paralympic 2012||the area contains wainstalls school, where hannah cockroft, a british paralympian who won two golds at the london 2012 paralympic games, studied.
islands 1977 falkland 6 hold thursday 1977 member election legislative october elect council general||the falkland islands general election of 1977 was held on thursday 6 october 1977 to elect members to the legislative council.
genus family insect neopomphale hymenopteran eulophidae||neopomphale is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family eulophidae.
play simple bridge water game upstream stick run drop player one bridge side first appear downstream winner stick side||it is a simple game which may be played on any bridge over running water; each player drops a stick on the upstream side of a bridge and the one whose stick first appears on the downstream side is the winner.
species pellegrini pellegrin barb fish enteromius cyprinid||the pellegrin's barb (enteromius pellegrini) is a species of cyprinid fish.
author dennis o'neil graphic joe staton novel laughlin ian bill sienkiewicz||the graphic novel was authored by dennis o'neil, joe staton, bill sienkiewicz, and ian laughlin.
remove then process heat use oil until peanut shape solidify paste fry||the oil removed in this process is then heated and used to fry the shaped peanut paste until it solidifies.
how regulate jurisdiction varie jurisdiction define firearm||how these firearms are defined and regulated varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
television bold beautiful american opera j. soap phillip create bell william cbs lee bell||bold and the beautiful is an american television soap opera, created by william j. bell and lee phillip bell for cbs.
release internationally television theater show subsequently campaign church scientology release despite sustained block||it was subsequently released internationally, showing in theaters and on television despite a sustained campaign by the church of scientology to block its release.
found company toucan funding a series 2001 development capital affinity glycoprotein bovine high focus hormone human superagonist related infertility growth superovulation human factor target well therapy analog as imaging animal prostate testicular breast thyroid ovarian cancer||company was founded in 2001 with series a funding from toucan capital, focusing on the development of human and bovine high affinity glycoprotein hormone and related growth factor superagonist analogs for human infertility and animal superovulation as well as targeted therapy and imaging of thyroid, ovarian, breast, prostate and testicular cancers.
village district india karnataka kundargi belgaum||kundargi is a village in belgaum district in karnataka, india.
solve think insight problem order box||in order to solve insight problems, one must "think outside the box".
event slam flagstaff area flagslam ryan poetry lead take brown cartier jessica then guadarrama john o'brien frank kamryn other sakowicz dana henderson||flagstaff area poetry slam events were then taken up by flagslam, led by ryan brown, john cartier, frank o'brien, jessica guadarrama, dana sakowicz, kamryn henderson, among others.
election alabama win donald vote trump 62.1 %||donald trump won the election in alabama with 62.1% of the vote.
police municipal one colorado apd large department||apd is one of the largest municipal police department in colorado.
critic generally album listener well establish far signature band sound receive||the album was generally well received by critics and listeners, and helped further establish the band's signature sound.
gardening segment present also australian long series tv backyard run burke||she also presented gardening segments on the long-running australian tv series burke's backyard.
debut desh series include mein meraa kis ashlesha hai kitani mohabbat natasha hai appear dil||after her debut she appeared in series including kis desh mein hai meraa dil as ashlesha and kitani mohabbat hai as natasha.
drive azimuth thruster electric l motor type where vertically remove mount gear second drivetrain bevel||an l-drive is a type of azimuth thruster where the electric motor is mounted vertically, removing the second bevel gear from the drivetrain.
discovery cerundolo know presentation t cell peptide lipid processing||cerundolo is known for his discoveries in processing and presentation of peptides and lipids to t cells.
mercury universal 2001 release music||it was released in 2001 on universal music and mercury.
bambi jones also know bear holyoke doris kotzan massachusetts bear 1931||bambi jones (born 1931), also known as doris kotzan was born in holyoke, massachusetts.
community census vale butte unincorporated county united dakota place states south designate||vale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in butte county, south dakota, united states.
songwriter singer daughter holly canadian synth vocalist pop dodson member parallels trio key||his daughter, holly dodson is a singer-songwriter, vocalist, and key member in canadian synth-pop trio parallels.
serve early mayor aurangabad mahrashtra||she earlier served as the mayor of aurangabad in mahrashtra.
now ittoqqortoormiit mainly part live people tasiilaq arctic inuit know tunummiit collectively||the tunummiit live now mainly in tasiilaq and ittoqqortoormiit and are a part of the arctic people known collectively as the inuit.
snail species marine sea gastropod translineata margovula family ovulid false ovulidae cowrie mollusk cowry ally||margovula translineata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.
use year denomination since 370 early period when medieval domini bc prevalent anno method become year calendar era europe name||the denomination 370 bc for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the anno domini calendar era became the prevalent method in europe for naming years.
tissue express body layer single epithelial||they are expressed in single layer epithelial tissues of the body.
1985 prost victory final fifth first season as formula world four one championship power||it was prost's fifth and final victory of the 1985 season as he powered towards the first of his four formula one world championships.
for have multiple mixed however tier system necessary electoral||it is not necessary, however, for a mixed system to have multiple electoral tiers.
daniel two merito wife ohlson son dorothy ben have||merito has two sons, daniel and ben and his wife dorothy ohlson.
right book movie own paramount pictures||paramount pictures owns the movie rights to the book.
1965 form change northern great a c name conference 1984 again name 1990 conference current b||it was formed in 1965 as the great northern conference and changed its name to the a-b-c conference in 1984, and again to its current name in 1990.
obscenity contain similar guide tv title magazine because simply show refer show often bobcat big||because the title contained an obscenity, tv guides and similar magazines would often simply refer to the show as "bobcat's big show."
mick avory 15 1944 michael february charles musician bear longtime know percussionist english rock english kinks drummer band well||michael charles "mick" avory (born 15 february 1944) is an english musician, best known as the longtime drummer and percussionist for the english rock band the kinks.
musical rocky das rocky musical 2012 originally music stephen lyric musical lynn ahrens thomas book flaherty sylvester screenplay stallone adapt meehan||rocky the musical (originally rocky: das musical) is a 2012 musical with music and lyrics by stephen flaherty and lynn ahrens, with a book by thomas meehan, adapted from a screenplay by sylvester stallone.
list web contain link page person page organization mention notable find owner||the page contains a list of links the web page owner, a person or organization, finds notable to mention.
provide plotly statistic individual collaboration online graphing tool as scientific well graphing r matlab analytic python rest arduino julia perl library||plotly provides online graphing, analytics, and statistics tools for individuals and collaboration, as well as scientific graphing libraries for python, r, matlab, perl, julia, arduino, and rest.
behalf publish psychonomic society springer establish 1973 medium science+business||it is published by springer science+business media on behalf of the psychonomic society and was established in 1973.
management project instrumental number innovative malta include first management band island promotion manage international arena talent maltese live promotion music firm export marketing such innovative billboarde tool use||in malta, his management firm was instrumental in projecting a number of innovative firsts, including the management and promotion of international arena bands on the island, exporting and managing maltese talent, the promotion of live music and the innovative use of marketing tools such as billboarding.
27 2008 premiere moyles chris bbc august radio 1 show||it was premiered on 27 august 2008 on the chris moyles show on bbc radio 1.
sea species marine gastropod mollusk muricidae snail family pacei snail murex rock snail favartia||favartia pacei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
french speak floor intermediate building entresol partly mezzanine open strictly ceilinge extend double whole building below height floor floorspace||a mezzanine (or in french, an entresol) is, strictly speaking, an intermediate floor in a building which is partly open to the double-height ceilinged floor below, or which does not extend over the whole floorspace of the building.
conduct doctoral anti dissertation gay - violence research||for her doctoral dissertation, she conducted research on anti-gay violence.
1979 representative gaborone may frontline that meet resolve states minister discuss meet economic state member development common||in may 1979 representatives of the frontline states met in gaborone and resolved that ministers of all member states should meet to discuss common economic development.
west queen neighborhood park surround oliver mary central include boyle mcdougall east north south rossdale street mccauley riverdale||surrounding neighborhoods include oliver to the west, queen mary park, central mcdougall, and mccauley to the north, boyle street and riverdale to the east, and rossdale to the south.
lounge continue rock album style buster predecessor poindexter cover ' rhythm blue 1950s 1940 release 1989 song||released in 1989, the album continued the "lounge rock" style of its predecessor, buster poindexter in covering rhythm 'n' blues songs of the 1940s and 1950s.
distance lower extent rank power individual society power distribute expect accept unequally||power distance is the extent to which the lower ranking individuals of a society "accept and expect that power is distributed unequally".
flowering march early april||flowering is in march and early april.
hold election day 2010 election general same turnout however high year account unusually||however, the 2010 election was held on the same day as the general election, accounting for the unusually high turnout in that year.
professor editor quarterly marketing publication marketing promotion mulhern association promotion academic||professor mulhern is the editor of the promotion marketing academic quarterly, a publication of the promotion marketing association.
genus beetle describe two rhytidognathus family carabidae specie||rhytidognathus is a genus of beetle in the family carabidae with two described species.
car access walk picturesque park a3 main road adjacent bend glen||the glen itself with picturesque walks can be accessed from the car park adjacent to the bend on the main a3 road.
1984 martin a book fears haunt principally critical account concerned ccc barker||martin barker's 1984 book a haunt of fears is principally concerned with a critical account of the ccc.
cover 2008 constituency orders delimitation cherukupalle mandal nizampatnam nagaram repalle||as per the delimitation orders (2008), the constituency covers nizampatnam, nagaram, cherukupalle and repalle mandals.
house still story return half later||a half-story was returned to the house later still.
if first female early wrestling fellow praise professional one industry hyatt announcer missy woman serious personality more intelligent portray typical such wrestling valet contrast||she was one of the earliest, if not the first, female announcers in professional wrestling and has been praised by fellow women in the industry, such as missy hyatt, for portraying a more serious and intelligent personality in contrast to the typical wrestling valet.
album band debut release christian rock pax217 2000 twoseventeen||twoseventeen is the debut album of the christian rock band pax217, released in 2000.
property list intend complete national district cleveland register county places historic united states oklahoma||this is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the national register of historic places in cleveland county, oklahoma, united states.
natha sri aiya devipuram disciple amritananda peetathipathy saraswathi temple||aiya is a disciple of sri amritananda natha saraswathi who is the peetathipathy of the devipuram temple.
st member parliament constituency cornwall 1997 ives defeat mp when conservatives derek 2015 thomas||he was the member of parliament (mp) for the constituency of st ives in cornwall from 1997 to 2015, when he was defeated by the conservatives' derek thomas.
studio eighth ai album otsuka 12 2017 release april love honey||love honey is the eighth studio album released by ai otsuka on 12 april 2017.
astros draft 22nd round 1st pick 1995 draft amateur||he was drafted by the astros in the 1st round (22nd pick) of the 1995 amateur draft.
amtrak advent 1971 operate||it operated until the advent of amtrak in 1971.
medium ant 2011 size describe||described in 2011, the ant is medium in size.
multiple laud review critic five episode final praise lead minute while actress anna torv mixed actor episode lance performance reddick||reviews of the episode were mixed; multiple critics lauded the final five minutes of the episode, while another praised lead actress anna torv and actor lance reddick's performances.
review medieval peer archeology cover journal annual academic united period especially ireland kingdom archeology medieval||medieval archeology is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal covering the archeology of the medieval period, especially in the united kingdom and ireland.
york new junction village perry route state 39 york route 246 new state||the village of perry is at the junction of new york state route 39 and new york state route 246.
dystopian album black jennings shooter concept band hierophant ribbons||black ribbons is a dystopian concept album by shooter jennings with his band hierophant.
link pedestrian park bridge flagstaff waikato river eastern braithwaite side||a pedestrian bridge links braithwaite park to flagstaff on the eastern side of the waikato river.
relate extortion brinkmanship type||it is a type of extortion, related to brinkmanship.
also weird contribute serve editor assistant tales comic magazine editor fearnet.com editor associate book website fearnet artist official||he has also served as an assistant editor for weird tales, a contributing editor for comic book artist magazine, and the associate editor of fearnet.com, the official website of fearnet.
announce 2018 south first phase e pilot africa march - that system 2019 31 visa march||in march 2018, it was announced that south africa will pilot the first phase of the e-visa system by 31 march 2019.
school feed l. parks elementary principal rosa abigail phillips middle head school||all elementary schools feed into rosa l. parks middle school, which is headed by principal abigail phillips.
debut zomboy donor release organ track 2011 never say game ep time records die||zomboy debuted in 2011 with the track "organ donor", which was released on never say die records' "game time ep".
magazine husband agent murugappa||her husband was murugappa who was an agent in a magazine.
south victoria warrion australia west village||warrion is a village in south west victoria, australia.
former refounde viii collegiate monastery cathedral england church shortly henry edward continue vi dissolve eleven other||eleven former monasteries in england had been refounded under henry viii as collegiate churches or cathedrals; some of these were shortly dissolved by edward vi, others continued.
historic associate house virginia university morgantown home purinton west west county virginia monongalia locate||purinton house is a historic home associated with the west virginia university and located at morgantown, monongalia county, west virginia.
early inventorie master site develop campaign plan capital 1990 undertake||in the early 1990s, the site was inventoried, a master plan developed, and a capital campaign undertaken.
live canberra||he lives in canberra.
a. borrelly 6 discover marseilles asporina name worship minor 1885 asia march goddess||it was discovered by a. borrelly on 6 march 1885 in marseilles and was named after asporina, a goddess worshiped in asia minor.
britain strengthen future formally invest deliver economy gordon exchequer chancellor strong commons brown house march 2006 22||a strong and strengthening economy: investing in britain's future was formally delivered by chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown in the house of commons on 22 march 2006.
surveillance analysis center radar workbench base atc plot analysis atc performance measurements tracker||it is an atc-center based surveillance analysis workbench for atc radar plot analysis and tracker performance measurements.
because go air also amanat zindagi popularity may 23 7 mon sat babul duaein title pm 2016 ki||amanat is also going to air because of its popularity on zindagi from 23 may 2016 mon-sat 7pm under the title babul ki duaein.
situate township declare june north km pringle 5 bay eastern 1948 shore bay false||it was declared a township in june 1948, and is situated 5 km north of pringle bay, on the eastern shore of false bay.
management rubrik data alto united company california palo states base bangalore office lawrence india kansas ireland cork||rubrik is a data management company based in palo alto, california, united states with offices in bangalore, india, lawrence, kansas and cork, ireland.
choose car player fictitious 2 farco 2.0 cup race rally r4 6 stage andula||players can choose between 2 fictitious rally cars, "farco r4 cup" or "andula 2.0", and race through 6 stages.
administrative zone large town dibina center kelewina||the administrative center of the zone is kelewina; the largest town is dibina.
power feature rocket individuality new zealand show song movie nickelodeon 2002 race||the song "individuality" was featured in the rocket power movie race across new zealand, shown on nickelodeon in 2002.
generally intend teach bible fellowship cell christian personalize group||cell groups are generally intended to teach the bible and personalize christian fellowship.
genus subfamily moth arctiinae stenarctia||stenarctia is a genus of moth in the subfamily arctiinae.
el known forasteros criminal well consider second law after enforcement activity tier big motorcycle outlaw many gang gang four crime organize operate enterprise||the el forasteros are well known for their criminal activities, and are considered by law enforcement to be among the many second-tier, after the "big four" gangs, outlaw motorcycle gangs operated as organized crime enterprises.
round third 1973 denver broncos draft play nfl team draft||he was drafted by the denver broncos in the third round of the 1973 nfl draft but did not play for the team.
alfred follow lengthy shootout lund outlaw name dick while o. ainsley kill deputy cravens other wound capture outlaw ben badly||during a lengthy shootout that followed, deputy alfred o. lund killed an outlaw named dick ainsley while the other outlaw, ben cravens, was badly wounded and captured.
found 1965 college college somerset late first open student 1968 county class fall||the college was founded in late 1965 as "somerset county college" and opened to its first class of students in the fall of 1968.
railroad marketing thank regulated highly aggressive exclusiveness strong development gradually degree past century latter take status||thanks to aggressive marketing by the railroad, highly regulated development, and a stronger degree of exclusiveness, it gradually took the latter's status over the past century.
census town indian pasthal state thane maharashtra district||pasthal is a census town in thane district in the indian state of maharashtra.
provide engine processing information supervisor forwarding centralized instal provide chassis stateful active card failover standby two||the supervisor engine provides centralized forwarding information and processing; up to two of these cards can be installed in a chassis to provide active/standby or stateful failover.
then member become duty young tour protect old prank hide player mascot sabotage party||it then becomes the duty of the youngest member of the touring party to protect the mascot from pranks by older players to hide and sabotage it.
bollywood apne direct hazaar film 1975 rang tandon director ravi||apne rang hazaar is a 1975 bollywood film, which was directed by director ravi tandon.
trade union miners cleveland quarrymen association area england miner ironstone represent cleveland||the cleveland miners' and quarrymen's association was a trade union representing ironstone miners in the cleveland area of england.
de oro city cagayan mindanao regional northern region center one deep harbor water locate x||cagayan de oro city, being the regional center of northern mindanao (region x), is located in one of its deep-water harbors.
group also fight late 2016 national security forces since begin claim afghan set afghanistan camp training northern||since late 2016, the group has also began to fight against afghan national security forces, and has claimed to have set up training camps in northern afghanistan.
paul motian release drummer album jmt eleven include label 1995 trio many 1988 lovano bill frisell joe composer feature||drummer and composer paul motian released eleven albums between 1988 and 1995 on the jmt label including many with his trio featuring joe lovano and bill frisell.
metz day accuse ride levy see same although child abduct disappearance have time alibi||levy had been seen riding towards metz the same day, and was accused of having abducted the child, although he had an alibi for the time of the disappearance.
wife currently geneva illinois live denise||he currently lives with his wife denise in geneva, illinois.
crawford community county states kansas united unincorporated monmouth||monmouth is an unincorporated community in crawford county, kansas, united states.
billboard albums 17 pop studio sell chart achieve album date mid status 1990 platinum well||17 on the billboard pop albums chart, and is her best-selling studio album to date, achieving platinum status in the mid 1990s.
position create 1973 ombudsman consumer norwegian||in 1973 the position of norwegian consumer ombudsman was created.
equities end 2009 600,000 shut season back middle park lock formality thor night rent eviction||thor equities shut the park down before the end of the 2009 season due to $600,000 in backed rent, locking them out in the middle of the night without the formality of an eviction.
one cultural anticipate event most annual lithuania||it is one of the most anticipated annual cultural events in lithuania.
announce 2018 south first phase e pilot africa march - that system 2019 31 visa march||in march 2018, it was announced that south africa will pilot the first phase of the e-visa system by 31 march 2019.
hercule get girdle queen melanippe hippolyte take return however away king spoil share athens theseus||hercules returned melanippe after getting the queen's girdle, however hippolyte was taken away by theseus, king of athens, as his share of the spoil.
review notable information business survey annual annually since business 1991 information produce publish||business information review is notable for producing the annual survey of business information, which has been published annually since 1991.
1962 american political drama film consent base pulitzer win advise novel advise allen publish consent adapt 1959.the movie prize mayes otto wendell drury direct preminger screen||advise & consent is a 1962 american political drama film based on the pulitzer prize-winning novel advise and consent by allen drury, published in 1959.the movie was adapted for the screen by wendell mayes and was directed by otto preminger.
november equity 2016 raise company capital valuation 2.7 million 800,000 part investor investor angel chinese raise conditional visa grant zealand new||in november 2016, the company raised equity capital from a chinese angel investor at a valuation of around $2.7 million; of the $800,000 raised a part was conditional on the investor being granted a visa to new zealand.
font have less san tend serif font line width variation serif||sans-serif fonts tend to have less line width variation than serif fonts.
character bruce lee gang fictional rival dojo strive owner build way movie career while focus||it focused on a "fictional" bruce lee character striving his way through gangs and rival dojo owners, while building a movie career.
season 16th 2014 wnba minnesota season association lynx basketball women national||the 2014 wnba season was the 16th season for the minnesota lynx of the women's national basketball association.
hip album group debut studio quakers hop quakers||quakers is the debut studio album by hip-hop group quakers.
river traffic boat deforestation upland lack now upper area marikina result basin landscape siltation protected river far river transport route value contribute reduce||the resulting lack of river boat traffic and the deforestation of the upland areas in what is now the upper marikina river basin protected landscape contributed to the river's siltation, further reducing its value as a transport route.
90 gain popularity lead success performer german fun dance factory group massive||she gained popularity and massive success throughout the 90s as the lead performer of the german dance group fun factory.
analog deoxyuridine nucleoside enough form incorporate replication modify iodine similar atom add dna viral base pairing block uracil component||it is a nucleoside analog, a modified form of deoxyuridine, similar enough to be incorporated into viral dna replication, but the iodine atom added to the uracil component blocks base pairing.
18 slovakia 10 silver competitor bronze finish win 18th 4 medal table medal 6||18 competitors from slovakia won 10 medals, 6 silver and 4 bronze, and finished 18th in the medal table.
consist jordan eckes band ferri mike chianelli taylor cameron jardine hurley rob||the band consists of taylor jardine, jordan eckes, mike ferri, rob chianelli, and cameron hurley.
adult motion animate moral stop american originally orel adult television december series air swim 18 2005 december 13 2008||moral orel is an american adult stop-motion animated television series, which originally aired on adult swim from december 13, 2005 to december 18, 2008.
involve british attack premier 1985 33rd dosanjh ujjal khalistani opposer columbia movement strong||he was involved in the 1985 attack of 33rd premier of british columbia ujjal dosanjh, a strong opposer of the khalistani movement.
troubadour lombard old identity predicate italian reference word possibly hybrid use italianisms||the italian identity of this troubadour is predicated on his being "an old lombard" and his use of "hybrid" words, possibly a reference to italianisms.
phyllanthaceae plant family species amanoa bracteosa||amanoa bracteosa is a species of plant in the phyllanthaceae family.
andrew 1862 english artist know beer 1954 paint william oil racing work beer name andrew pigeon canvass||william andrew beer (1862-1954) was an english artist, known for painting racing pigeons, in oil on canvass, under the working name of andrew beer.
bear 1984 april randolph american wide former football receiver 22 canadian||randolph (born april 22, 1984) is a former american and canadian football wide receiver.
paper 17th publish prolific most hudson 150 field author||hudson has published over 150 papers and is the 17th most prolific author in the field.
few notheia suggestion be parasitic effect whether hormosira however||however, there are few suggestions as to whether notheia has a parasitic effect on hormosira.
library distinct consortium county create remain district ballot general vote clackamas election measure 2008||the consortium remains distinct from the library district of clackamas county created by a ballot measure voted on during the 2008 general election.
coggle web application mind mapping freeware||coggle is a freeware mind-mapping web application.
former tammann union commission international astronomical galaxies president||tammann is a former president of the international astronomical union commission on galaxies.
breton brisbane william harvey bedwell le bear name 1936 england london change 1941 adoption||he was born william le breton harvey brisbane-bedwell in 1936 in london, england but his name was changed by adoption in 1941.
suburban pass britomart transport service center serve backup railway station 2003 since disruption city station main time||suburban services do not pass through the station, but it can serve as a backup for britomart transport center, the city's main railway station since 2003, during times of disruption.
move prominence state national power family base regional many||many of these families moved to national prominence from a state or regional power base.
2 model 1992 design series scavas intention second stylish production||his second model, the stylish scavas 2 was designed in 1992 with the intention of series production.
holland sportive describe lemur 2008||holland's sportive lemur was described in 2008.
brand plastic fit snap desktop style aircraft model flight miniatures display||flight miniatures is a brand of plastic snap-fit style desktop display model aircraft.
7 mellor scott know may stage name 1982 loston bear daniel music producer australian designer graphic||scott daniel mellor (born 7 may 1982), known by his stage name loston, is an australian music producer and graphic designer.
unfinished opera richard wedding hochzeit wwv wagner 31 complete work predate genre||hochzeit (the wedding, wwv 31) is an unfinished opera by richard wagner which predates his completed works in the genre.
mixed critical generally response fan negative while review||critical reviews were mixed, while fan response was generally negative.
six one north super jersey create athletic jersey conference new state interscholastic njsiaa athletic association 2009||it is one of six north jersey "super athletic conferences" created by the new jersey state interscholastic athletic association (njsiaa) in 2009.
orioles american 1899 season baseball season baltimore||the 1899 baltimore orioles season was a season in american baseball.
2 win 1 pakistan||pakistan won 2-1.
rockie broadcast radio colorado television locally colorado cable air||the colorado rockies are broadcast locally in colorado on the radio and on both cable and over-the-air television.
council zonal council state zonal comprise central uttar uttarakhand madhya pradesh ofchhattisgarh pradesh||central zonal council is a zonal council that comprises the states ofchhattisgarh, madhya pradesh, uttar pradesh, and uttarakhand.
play character role leo aiolia main||among them, leo aiolia plays the role of main character.
many find railfan age worldwide||railfans of many ages can be found worldwide.
student group network united high 2001 bring 2004 states today know surge radio school||a group of high school students brought the network to the united states from 2001 to 2004, today they're known as surge radio.
april bear 1 1951 swiss rolf sidecar biland racer former||rolf biland (born 1 april 1951) is a swiss former sidecar racer.
assign letter federal wrzk station communications march 21 1997 call commission||the station was assigned the wrzk call letters by the federal communications commission on march 21, 1997.
just warwick watterson city st. boundary village new roughly la rd part ave columbia matthews ave grange expressway washburn||warwick village is just outside the watterson expressway and part of the city of st. matthews, its boundaries are roughly new la grange rd, washburn ave, and columbia ave.
december kingdom declare 1941 empire government war united attack japanese malaya hong japan kong 8 singapore follow||on 8 december 1941, the government of the united kingdom declared war on the empire of japan, following the japanese attacks on malaya, singapore and hong kong.
have million sale 2012 32||in 2012 they had sales of 32 million.
commonly muscle muscle attach confuse because joint cuff shoulder tere minor example capsule rotator muscle||this muscle is commonly confused as a rotator cuff muscle, but it is not because it does not attach to the capsule of the shoulder joint, unlike the teres minor muscle for example.
nobel two once 1954 prizes unhcr 1981 again peace win||the unhcr has won two nobel peace prizes, once in 1954 and again in 1981.
work development kinetic include analysis reaction analysis non rpka effect - notable progress enantiopurity linear biological amino homochirality acid catalyst behavior||notable works include the development of reaction progress kinetic analysis (rpka), analysis of non-linear effects of catalyst enantiopurity, biological homochirality and amino acid behavior.
that device paypal account available vendor require freely||the device is not freely available in that the vendor requires a paypal account.
zealand sport minority baseball consider trail new far sport popularity rugby union cricket such||in new zealand, baseball is considered a minority sport, trailing in popularity far behind sports such as rugby union and cricket.
american derive likely juaquapin warm water native mean word||juaquapin is likely derived from a native american word meaning "warm water".
modern hymnal common use england church ancient movement oxford effort result||ancient and modern is a hymnal in common use within the church of england, a result of the efforts of the oxford movement.
1970 british third games 1972 sixth olympics finish eighth place summer commonwealth complete games british commonwealth career 1974||he finished third at the 1970 british commonwealth games, was sixth at the 1972 summer olympics and completed his career with an eighth place at the 1974 british commonwealth games.
expedition descend quickly debacle||the expedition quickly descended into a debacle.
derive lower main name wooded spessart franconia river hill locate||it is located in lower franconia and derives its name from the river main and the wooded hills of the spessart.
makiyamaia snail sea mollusk gastropod species marine clavatulidae orthopleura family||makiyamaia orthopleura is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family clavatulidae.
painting coincide ruler qajar 1896 rise ed shah completion din fifth qajar ruler mozaffar murder||the completion of the painting coincided with the qajar ruler's murder in 1896, and the rise of mozaffar-ed-din shah, the fifth qajar ruler.
live afton virginia||he lives in afton, virginia.
english only rock london originally 1976 form one disband 1982 band||only ones are an english rock band, formed in london in 1976 and originally disbanded in 1982.
medal conspicuous cgm 1993 decoration british award armed september forces 1942 personnel navy gallantry merchant equivalent military petty personnel seaman officer rank||the conspicuous gallantry medal (cgm) was, until 1993, a military decoration awarded to personnel of the british armed forces and, from september 1942, to personnel of the merchant navy of rank equivalent to that of petty officer or seaman.
1999 long kicking seven only leave game footer more 2000 prior season delist hawthorn||after only seven more games in 1999, the long-kicking left footer was delisted by hawthorn prior to the 2000 season.
quad station own inc dba darensburg currently broadcasting divisions||the station is currently owned by quad divisions, inc dba darensburg broadcasting.
daily 1918 1778 publish german||it was published daily in german from 1778 to 1918.
quality chinedum tv manager dstv channel 165 ebonylife control currently||chinedum is currently the quality control manager for ebonylife tv, dstv channel 165.
10 ever april cosmetics north inc. manila corporation tollways warriors road bilena columbian corporation nlex sorentos 2014 give approval kia autocar governors board expansion team pba become pba||on april 10, 2014, ever bilena cosmetics, inc., along with manila north tollways corporation (nlex road warriors) and columbian autocar corporation (kia sorentos) were given approval by the pba board of governors to become expansion teams in the pba.
at manufacture least type less commonly machine company one rolling dual variety see use wheel easy||another type of rolling machine, manufactured by at least one company, is less commonly seen, but easier to use than the dual-wheel variety.
base startup found yuka lochlainn wilson tokyo kojima cto create ceo||it was created by a tokyo-based startup founded by yuka kojima (ceo) and lochlainn wilson (cto).
21 saxons alfred alfred team represent intercollegiate university include man compose woman alpine country equestrian basketball cross athletic lacrosse skiing tennis field diving swimming soccer track||the alfred saxons are composed of 21 teams representing alfred university in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's alpine skiing, basketball, cross country, equestrian, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis, and track and field.
also do work settlement institute||the institute also did settlement work.
gurgen bear jeranjak parent armenian coach vardanjan ipakjan train budapest nottingham england occasionally||coached by his parents, armenian-born gurgen vardanjan and jeranjak ipakjan, he trained in budapest and occasionally in nottingham, england.
aircraft kingsford smith trans - eastward flight make states first united november australia pacific 1934 october||in this aircraft, kingsford smith made the first eastward trans-pacific flight from australia to the united states, in october and november of 1934.
anglo irish rock feature experimental indie stump microdisney group member mick former vocal lynch drum hopper mckahey chris guitar kev bass rob salmon||stump were an anglo-irish indie/experimental/rock group featuring former microdisney members mick lynch (vocals) and rob mckahey (drums), along with kev hopper (bass) and chris salmon (guitar).
haul four five st goal kilda win win soccere team meter include 30 out late final point goal quarter||this included a five-goal haul in a four-point win over st kilda, which he won for his team with a soccered goal from 30 meters out late in the final quarter.
alchemical twelve text basil key contain thomas valentine 1477 norton alchemy ordinal three cremer testament||it contains three alchemical texts: the "twelve keys" of basil valentine, thomas norton's ordinal of alchemy (1477), and the testament of cremer.
feature sensor same detection af gx7 -4 focus ev mode 18 peaking range shutter 1/16,000 electronic speed sec 60 fi range connectivity wi||it features the same sensor as the gx7, af detection range of -4 - 18 ev, focus peaking mode, an electronic shutter with speeds ranging from 60 - 1/16,000 sec, and wi-fi connectivity.
line ever more theme want general song||the line "all we ever want is more" is the general theme of the song.
single eight 10 reach top more||eight more of his singles have reached the top 10.
collaborative venture school psbb trust educational group run learning leadership schools balabhavan foundation millennium psbb||the psbb millennium school is a collaborative venture between the balabhavan educational trust that runs the psbb group of schools and the learning leadership foundation.
snostorm3 structured snobol4 language programming add snostorm version construct||snostorm (snostorm3) is a version of the snobol4 language with structured programming constructs added.
studio album hanoi monroe second september 1989 rocks michael release reissue lemon singer edition remastered recordings 2003 polygram||it is the second studio album by hanoi rocks singer michael monroe, released in september 1989 through polygram; a remastered edition was reissued through lemon recordings in 2003.
carry station classic broadcasting southern when country bluegrass format gospel||when broadcasting, the station carries a classic country, bluegrass, and southern gospel format.
cork 1934 championship senior staging hurling 46th senior cork championship hurling board 1887 establishment cork since county||1934 cork senior hurling championship was the 46th staging of the cork senior hurling championship since its establishment by the cork county board in 1887.
world championships take claremont place superdrome aquatics 3 january perth 13 1991 participate athlete australia 1991 1142||the 1991 world aquatics championships took place at the claremont superdrome in perth, australia from 3 to 13 january 1991 with 1142 participating athletes.
platini dutch playmaker french van michel compatriot marco basten d'or time three win also ballon||french playmaker michel platini and dutch compatriot marco van basten also won the ballon d'or three times after him.
football coote david referee english||david coote is an english football referee.
provide source service product insurance insurance||source insurance provides insurance products and services.
when heating print heat element paper melt transfer need wax really thus paper head smooth for||when the heating elements in the print head heat up, they melt the wax and transfer it to the paper, thus the need for the paper to be really smooth.
election seat seek though re freeholder 2007 -||she did not seek re-election to her freeholder seat in 2007, though.
european continental feminist philosophy philosophy write||she writes about feminist philosophy and continental european philosophy.
mcintosh 14 1916 1965 play inside forward alexander footballer april football wanderers scottish coventry league city birmingham city wolverhampton||alexander mcintosh (14 april 1916 - 1965) was a scottish footballer who played as an inside forward in the football league for wolverhampton wanderers, birmingham city and coventry city.
ghostwriter musical career ocean prior join hip future begin 2010 odd collective hop||ocean began his musical career as a ghostwriter, prior to joining hip hop collective odd future in 2010.
sauna word swedish bastu also||bastu is also the swedish word for sauna.
2015 autumn government fund new announce then blythe house sell statement museum storage||in the 2015 autumn statement the government announced it would fund new storage for the museums and then sell off blythe house.
family crambidae anania federalis moth||anania federalis is a moth in the family crambidae.
hilary jones p. name admiral||she was named for admiral hilary p. jones.
restart new fausch talk club 1923 make season such ultimately briefly effort||fausch talked briefly about restarting a new club for the 1923 season, but ultimately made no such effort.
spring 2010 show giants become when memoir musical earth date walk u.s. 50 a eastern canada tour||in the spring of 2010, those shows would become "when giants walked the earth - a musical memoir" with 50 tour dates in the eastern u.s. and canada.
multibillion dollar take construction project shape currently dubai||currently multibillion-dollar construction projects are taking shape in dubai.
extinct genus rotaryus permian early trematopid know temnospondyl central state dissorophoid germany free thuringia||rotaryus is an extinct genus of early permian trematopid dissorophoid temnospondyl known from the free state of thuringia of central germany.
pachycephaloide clytorhynchus southern shrikebill brown specie family flycatcher monarchidae songbird||the southern shrikebill (clytorhynchus pachycephaloides), or brown flycatcher, is a songbird species in the family monarchidae.
legendary album pink age dots golden 1989||golden age is a 1989 album by the legendary pink dots.
interoperable open model signing specification trust code where message digital signature sign certificate tie rtd||the signature rtd is an open interoperable specification modeled after code signing where the trust of signed messages is tied to digital certificates.
president absolute round election total elect office deputy second number majority||after the second round of election, the president is elected by an absolute majority of the total number of deputies in office.
census population reduce have 2001 parish 297 2011 slightly census 294||as of the 2001 census the parish had a population of 297, reducing slightly to 294 at the 2011 census.
conus snail extinct marine gastropod family sea specie snail conidae cone ally mollusk platensis||conus platensis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
tnt beermen san miguel compete cup 17th overall championship contest 120th championship league katropa commissioner||the san miguel beermen and the tnt katropa competed for the 17th commissioner's cup championship and the 120th overall championship contested by the league.
diagnosis criticism therefore many ethical definition have important political lead heated implication often public debate||therefore, many of the criticisms of the diagnosis or definition have important ethical and political implications, which often leads to heated public debate.
community serve dunlap edwards dhs peoria small portion alta northern||dhs serves the communities of dunlap, alta, edwards, and peoria (small northern portion).
establish stanford paul wallace sampson kurtz committee scientific university sram paranormal investigation claims||sram was established by wallace sampson (stanford university) and paul kurtz (committee for the scientific investigation of claims of the paranormal).
comic british tug write strip daily draw o'donnell peter alfred sindall transom||tug transom is a british daily comic strip written by peter o'donnell and drawn by alfred sindall.
2007 1972 annual chair practicing law establish institute communications seminar law||from 1972-2007 he established and chaired an annual communications law seminar at the practicing law institute.
pro cannon have victory modified - motor most bristol speedway four||cannon has the most pro-modified victories as the bristol motor speedway, with four.
become start office presiding bishop choose general elective vote approve bishop convention house 1926 deputies||starting in 1926, the office became elective, the presiding bishop being chosen at general convention by vote by all bishops, and approved by the house of deputies.
build seating originally 1908 hold spectator 3,200||it was originally built in 1908 and held seating for 3,200 spectators.
colrat adolphe lyon 1955 15 bear civil servant serve french high april french 2008 polynesia republic french 2011 commissioner||adolphe colrat (born 15 april 1955 in lyon) is a french civil servant who served as the french high commissioner of the republic in french polynesia from 2008 to 2011.
first good doobies great album brothers hit doobie||best of the doobies is the first greatest hits album by the doobie brothers.
taqchita spelling tackchita moroccan woman takchita traditional moroccan that wear alternate particularly wedding celebration garment tackshita caftan||the takchita (alternate spellings: taqchita, tackshita, tackchita) is a moroccan traditional women's garment that, like the moroccan caftan, is worn for celebrations, particularly weddings.
moth family genus hemiceras notodontidae||hemiceras is a genus of moths of the notodontidae family.
rhagastis family olivacea sphingidae moth||rhagastis olivacea is a moth of the family sphingidae.
rebecca de paul mcgann star mornay||it stars paul mcgann and rebecca de mornay.
michael deeley producer script director cimino michael writer deric buy rewrote hire washburn russian take element place war vietnam script roulette||producer michael deeley, who bought the script, hired writer/director michael cimino who, with deric washburn, rewrote the script, taking the russian roulette element and placing it in the vietnam war.
offer accounts software space gem claim first number||gem accounts claims its software offers a number of first in its space.
eighty 1956 top four single ten||eighty-four singles were in the top ten in 1956.
soil recessional agriculture especially suitable clay||clay soils are especially suitable for recessional agriculture.
money 2003 prize 20,000||in 2003, the prize money was $20,000.
place yorkshire prince cdp william county census virginia states designate united||yorkshire is a census-designated place (cdp) in prince william county, virginia, united states.
squadron french leone naval sixth before sierra embark slave capture voyage||a french naval squadron captured her off sierra leone on her sixth voyage, before she had embarked any slaves.
same administration grade share building level||all grade levels and the administration share the same building.
use force since least states lease kingdom united island united mid-1960||united states forces have used the island since at least the mid-1960s, under lease from the united kingdom.
similar identify message blige previous critic 2016 music single thick||music critics identified its message as similar to that of blige's previous single, "thick of it" (2016).
april 1987 ever ontario first world women though host international championship tournament hockey federation recognize toronto ice||in april 1987, toronto, ontario hosted the first ever women's world championship, though the tournament was not recognized by the international ice hockey federation.
consider house music pearce metal punk deep hop electronica hip funk influence soul ben||ben pearce's music is considered deep house with punk/metal, hip-hop, electronica, soul and funk influences.
habitat inland uncommon mountain range resident coastal rocky||it is an uncommon resident of rocky habitat in coastal and inland mountain ranges.
conservative semi - compose helix dna strand new as original result newly well replication strand synthesize||as a result of semi-conservative replication, the new helix will be composed of an original dna strand as well as a newly synthesized strand.
120 cyclist 30 finish be competitor race total||there were a total of 120 competitors, and 30 cyclists finished the race.
two game occur phase||the game occurs in two phases.
often able team fan catch visit early favorite player camp practice training free less often admission game make training camp look ticket popular substantially fan many option attend financial trip due expensive reason game other||fans are often able to visit their favorite team's training camp to catch an early look at the players; admission to practices is often free or substantially less expensive than a game ticket, making training camp trips a popular option for fans who cannot attend many games due to financial or other reasons.
nap1 also gene orthologue know 5830415f09rik hspc219 mice||the gene is also known as nap1 and hspc219; the orthologue in mice is 5830415f09rik.
chatterjee salil create method while research pioneer possibility criminal method identification new 1962||the method was pioneered by salil chatterjee in 1962, who created it while researching the possibility of a new criminal identification method.
occurs western presbytis comata comata occurs central java comata presbytis fredericae colobine specie sacculate javathis breakdown cellulose stomach have assist feed leave||presbytis comata comata - occurs in western java presbytis comata fredericae - occurs in central javathis colobine species has a sacculated stomach to assist the breakdown in the cellulose from the leaves it feeds on.
bandicoot raffray marsupial raffrayana species family peroryctidae peroryctes||raffray's bandicoot (peroryctes raffrayana) is a species of marsupial in the family peroryctidae.
jaime ardila colombian 1919 writer bear zapatoca casamitjana||jaime ardila casamitjana (born zapatoca, 1919) is a colombian writer.
repackage 1996 1991 single world earache compilation slateman cold cold disk one world records||in 1996, the single was repackaged alongside cold world (1991) on one disk by earache records as the compilation slateman/cold world.
321 british class electric current rail ac multiple build emu unit alternate engineering works york three rail batch 1988 1991 limited british||the british rail class 321 alternating current (ac) electric multiple units (emu) were built by british rail engineering limited's york works in three batches between 1988 and 1991.
tour ios world modern tapper classic arcade game arcade tapper bally midway game release 1983 reinterpretation||tapper world tour is an arcade game for ios and is a modern reinterpretation of the classic arcade game tapper, released in 1983 by bally midway.
th transposed reversal gilbreth name||it is a reversal of the name gilbreth, with 'th' transposed.
propagate surface wave such electromagnetic parameter wave vary earth propagate frequency direction surface||for a propagating electromagnetic wave, such as a surface wave propagating along the surface of the earth, these parameters vary with frequency and direction.
degree convict 2001 second murder||he was convicted of second-degree murder in 2001.
sumatra island indonesia possibly pahang malaysia siberut find||it is found in siberut island and possibly sumatra, indonesia, and pahang, malaysia.
health network medical major hospital two health dayton region premier three center||premier health is a medical network of three hospitals and two major health centers in the dayton region.
star give unusual sligo all particularly achievement player 2010||in 2010, he was given an all star, a particularly unusual achievement for a sligo player.
business indicate investment level level confidence owner manager business have ability earn income also next fix that year few sale more||the level of fixed investment by businesses also indicates something about the level of confidence that business owners or managers have about the ability to earn more income from sales in the next few years.
country fairly music common more become time shift movement pop song much component anderson orient key decade||this was becoming fairly common at the time, being country music had shifted towards more pop oriented songs; a movement in which anderson was a key component for much of the decade.
achieve classic win kinda further friendly bank jim mobile ballygroman championship trainers 1988 before first have year derby finalist same comeragh boy win two curryhills gara||further classic wins were achieved by kinda friendly, mobile bank and ballygroman jim before he won his first trainers championship in 1988, the same year that he had two derby finalists with curryhills gara and comeragh boy.
2004 stillman jamie company guitarist found||the company was founded in 2004 by guitarist jamie stillman.
sample previous floodboy music mix o'donnell band||o'donnell sampled and mixed the music from his previous band, floodboy.
columbia though asfb rca court maintain control effort never contract music direction band esoteric status assure also sign choice||though courted by rca and columbia, asfb never signed a contract in an effort to maintain control of the band's music and direction - that choice also assuring their esoteric status.
originally release 9 2007 release april re april 2008 - 21||it was originally released on april 9, 2007, but was re-released on april 21, 2008.
family cosmopterigidae limnaecia moth stabilita||limnaecia stabilita is a moth in the family cosmopterigidae.
practice declaration european paris 1856 country already outlaw||the practice had already been outlawed among european countries by the declaration of paris (1856).
1941 conclude close after that child well research thrive foster pedagogical group care rather small institution large home||it closed in 1941, after pedagogical research concluded that children thrive better in foster care or small group homes, rather than in large institutions.
nudes bathing short film two 1995 write john direct produce boorman british||two nudes bathing is a 1995 british short film written, produced and directed by john boorman.
curriculum school offer baccalaureate international diploma cambridge three examinations program central cie secondary international education cbse ibdp board||the school offers three curricula: international baccalaureate diploma program (ibdp), cambridge international examinations (cie) and central board of secondary education (cbse).
long ferrari thereafter enzo no serenissima so company de sell turn maserati tomaso ats car||thereafter, enzo ferrari would no longer sell his cars to serenissima, so the company turned to de tomaso, ats, and maserati.
hillock school boundary rear have lookout canon base adjacent||the rear boundary of the school is adjacent to a hillock which has a canon base and lookout.
district building residential reservoir - station pumping glendale 1942 non||a non-residential building in the district is the glendale reservoir pumping station (1942).
december bear meulenkamp 1988 5 ron professional player corporation darts play dutch dart||ron meulenkamp (born 5 december 1988) is a dutch darts player playing for the professional darts corporation.
compilation song various album hop feature hip artist film 1983 scarface direct contain draw inspiration film subject relate matter||this compilation album features songs by various hip-hop artists which either draw direct inspiration from the 1983 film scarface or contain subject matter that can relate to the film.
appear also dunkirk historical film||he also appeared in the historical film dunkirk.
seven malay track album sam contain write track||the album contains seven malay tracks and all tracks are written by sam.
summit locate adirondack mountain hamilton locate new west town wells mountains york wells hamlet||hamilton mountain is a summit located in adirondack mountains of new york located in the town of wells west of the hamlet of wells.
october 28 hermelindo 1949 sprint mexican soto mid-1970 early compete canoer bear||hermelindo soto (born october 28, 1949) is a mexican sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-1970s.
guan sell koe company penang subsequently jebsen 1903 diedrichsen lysholt company later 1906 hamburg h. rename 1909 hamburg diedrichsen||she was sold subsequently to koe guan company, penang in 1903, to diedrichsen & jebsen & company, hamburg in 1906 and renamed lysholt and later to h. diedrichsen, hamburg in 1909.
coccidophilus lady family beetle coccinellidae genus||coccidophilus is a genus of lady beetles in the family coccinellidae.
become viennese more work classical recently specifically beethoven biography influential award write know music essay schubert biography solomon mozart first openly schubert propose homosexuality collection setting win scholarly||more recently, he has become known for his work on viennese classical music, specifically beethoven (writing an influential biography and an award-winning collection of essays), mozart (biography), and schubert (solomon was the first to openly propose schubert's homosexuality in a scholarly setting).
northrise while education offer accredit nationally upon principle found university christian faith accept student||while northrise offers a nationally accredited education that is founded upon christian principles, the university accepts students of all faiths.
170 enos 1900 case cal decide p. 63 supreme california will hold court that snyder transfer testator away body next dead kin kin custody serve right that defeat executor right next body dead||enos v. snyder, 63 p. 170 (cal. 1900), was a case decided by the supreme court of california holding that a will could not serve to transfer a testator's dead body away from the next of kin, and that the next of kin's right to custody of a dead body defeats any right of the executor.
states 1878 election republican middle rutherford president b. united party hayes third system occur term||the 1878 united states elections occurred in the middle of republican president rutherford b. hayes's term, during the third party system.
range open western lost direct american smith clifford 1927 write roy film briant zane silent john gray walter j. stone ruben||open range is a lost 1927 american western silent film directed by clifford smith and written by roy briant, zane gray, j. walter ruben and john stone.
complete property register district national historic intend county places united indiana tippecanoe list states||this is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the national register of historic places in tippecanoe county, indiana, united states.
gesture pollice phrase describe meaning precise subject verso much type scholarly debate||the precise type of gesture described by the phrase pollice verso and its meaning are the subject of much scholarly debate.
roof flat ground level have bay rusticate pilaster divide story middle||they have flat roofs, rusticated ground levels, and pilasters dividing bays in the middle stories.
amberg john march 1929 6 american may defensive mccaslin 2004 4 play york football giants 1951 back nfl new 1952 season||john mccaslin amberg (march 6, 1929 - may 4, 2004) was an american football defensive back who played for the new york giants during the 1951 and 1952 nfl seasons.
follow apollo human throw olympus new york city teenager god father turn book zeus punishment||the book follows the god apollo, who is turned into a human teenager and thrown down from olympus to new york city as a punishment by his father zeus.
erebidae ossea family moth zatrephe||zatrephes ossea is a moth in the family erebidae.
brother charles scene albert direct feature think||his brother, albert, is thought to have directed scenes in which charles did not feature.
rings white mountains lord appear nimrais middle men earth ered isildur remain after curse aid abandon war alliance last oath||they appear in the lord of the rings as men of the white mountains (ered nimrais), who were cursed to remain in middle-earth by isildur after they abandoned their oath to aid him in the war of the last alliance.
phd degree then ms receive stanford respectively 1983 howell 1977 university||howell then received her ms and phd degrees from stanford university in 1977 and 1983, respectively.
club number small use||a small number were used by clubs.
place linganore frederick cdp u.s. census state county designate maryland||linganore is a census-designated place (cdp) in frederick county, in the u.s. state of maryland.
language head marking dependent many marking language double thus double employ marking||many languages employ both head-marking and dependent-marking, and some languages double up and are thus double-marking.
play minute 30 show set support beatle follow holloway brenda act curtis just band headhunters cannibal sounds such incorporate king||the beatles played for just 30 minutes at each show, following sets by support acts such as brenda holloway and the king curtis band, cannibal & the headhunters, and sounds incorporated.
user read engage while comment post write fan interact globe like minded website all||users engage on the website, read, write and post comments while interacting with like-minded fans from all over the globe.
cape may dennis township county jersey new united states township||dennis township is a township in cape may county, new jersey, united states.
boston accord study professionally fee reach time high consulting manage 2012 62.4 trillion asset lined remain 2007 since flat group||according to a boston consulting group study, the assets managed professionally for fees reached an all-time high of us$62.4 trillion in 2012, after remaining flat-lined since 2007.
east name 1995 america year player||he was named america east player of the year in 1995.
family thomisidae spider camaricus genus||camaricus is a genus of spiders in the thomisidae family.
global inc. company found manufacture jim rocheford american tech 2004 display||tech global, inc. is an american display manufacturing company founded by jim rocheford in 2004.
windows microsoft sharepoint use base portal services layer mlg||mlg uses microsoft windows sharepoint services for the base portal layer.
jane december 1962 english historian writer radio vickery television amanda 8 bear professor queen mary history presenter early modern london university||amanda jane vickery (born 8 december 1962) is an english historian, writer, radio and television presenter, and professor of early modern history at queen mary, university of london.
environmental attract medium trees attention save message film||the film attracted media attention for its environmental message of save our trees.
marshmallows jet puffed introduce 1958 first product||jet-puffed marshmallows are a product first introduced in 1958.
institutional focus investors center as primarily need many available alternative industry partner investment option conduct asset research navigate manager effort objective also remain||the center primarily focuses on the needs of institutional investors as they navigate the many options available in the alternative investment industry but also partners with asset managers to conduct research in an effort to remain objective.
local football gaelic st. play mary club hurl dual cork inter player - senior 1920s 1910 county team||he played hurling and gaelic football with his local club st. mary's and was a dual player with the cork senior inter-county teams in the 1910s and 1920s.
ab found 2007 company bambuser swedish publ||bambuser ab (publ) is a swedish company, founded in 2007.
birmingham brazil play county medal sign gold meter 2015 winner english academy athletics championships derby 800 schools||before signing for birmingham, brazil played for the derby county academy and was a gold medal winner in the 800 meters at the 2015 english schools' athletics championships.
malepeai highland work high government teacher school graduation||after graduation, malepeai worked as a government teacher at highland high school.
spock keegan join drummer since d'virgilio 2003 touring pick when frontman singer role beard performance live main||before joining spock's beard, keegan was their touring drummer since 2003, when d'virgilio picked up the frontman and main singer role during live performances.
cunne standing shote also uncle succeed old connecorte turkey aka know first hop man kunagadoga cherokee upon kanagatucko death 1760 beloved latter||standing turkey, also known as cunne shote (or kunagadoga) succeeded his uncle, connecorte (or old hop, aka kanagatucko), as first beloved man of the cherokee upon the latter's death in 1760.
hawthorne good toronto community area selling last village greater year 3500 house 5 2007 family presently||hawthorne village has been the best selling community in the greater toronto area for the last 5 years (2007), and presently houses over 3500 families.
follow vacate sabin resignation national mike house 30 2015 seat january party representatives||the seat had been vacated following the resignation of mike sabin of the national party from the house of representatives on 30 january 2015.
ever hold st. petersburg russian prix first grand||the first ever russian grand prix was held in st. petersburg.
hackley 12 1990 february volleyball player michelle bartsch american||michelle bartsch-hackley (12 february 1990) is an american volleyball player.
andes native bolivia find||it is native to the andes, and it can be found in bolivia.
mages black rock band instrumental japanese kenichiro nobuo tsuyoshi sekito fukui video game three uematsu 2002 square form enix composer||the black mages were a japanese instrumental rock band formed in 2002 by nobuo uematsu, kenichiro fukui and tsuyoshi sekito, who were three video game composers for square enix.
theoretical perspective feminist observe theory power sociology relation gender level reflexivity face conflict large interaction structure face social||feminist sociology is a conflict theory and theoretical perspective which observes gender in its relation to power, both at the level of face-to-face interaction and reflexivity within a social structure at large.
that part second understand war early go arthur world because that surname germany connotation schneider give america||it was understood that during the early part of the second world war, arthur schneider went to america because of the connotation with germany that his surname gave.
also diaspora community assamese worldwide overseas live celebrate||it is also celebrated overseas by the assamese diaspora community living worldwide.
moth base non group - profit city craft dedicate storytelling new york art||the moth is a non-profit group based in new york city dedicated to the art and craft of storytelling.
22 appoint president eighth ronald succeed 2014 february crutcher college 2014 june retire||he was appointed on february 22, 2014 as the college's eighth president, succeeding ronald crutcher, who retired in june 2014.
school indiana program where professor psychology direct university program indiana aim develop positive supports behavior interventions pbis indiana network||he is a professor in the school psychology program at indiana university, where he directs pbis indiana, a program aimed at developing a network of positive behavior interventions and supports across indiana.
feature station 2014 america distribute best music january westwood one format||until january 2014, the station featured the america's best music format distributed by westwood one.
close blowhole point kiama locate blowhole harbor lighthouse south kiama||the lighthouse is located close to the kiama blowhole on blowhole point, south of kiama harbor.
glycoprotein antibodie laboratory receive myelin attention oligodendrocyte study much multiple ms deal sclerosis||antibodies against the myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein have received much of its laboratory attention in studies dealing with multiple sclerosis (ms).
january squash join 1993 federation organization country also squash asian world june member year federation same join||in january 1993, the organization joined world squash federation as a member country, and also joined asian squash federation on june in the same year.
friedrich before enter meinhards son landfried know little service||little is known about friedrich, son of landfried, before he entered meinhards services.
include great spotted common reedmace meadowsweet kidney flora orchid vetch||flora include common spotted orchids, great reedmace, kidney vetch and meadowsweet.
black museum country black living museum museum country historic open formerly air rebuild england west building dudley midlands||the black country living museum (formerly the black country museum) is an open-air museum of rebuilt historic buildings in dudley in the west midlands of england.
win games usa republish 1996 moves first less 25 2006 people publish edition things place word||it was first published by winning moves games usa in 1996 and was republished in 2006 as 25 words or less: people, place and things edition.
huntingdonshire cambridgeshire northamptonshire broadcast eastern surround studio county cambridge part||it broadcasts to cambridgeshire, huntingdonshire and eastern northamptonshire and parts of surrounding counties from studios in cambridge.
independent states commonwealth annual commonwealth states cup independent since cup 23rd establishment 1993 2015||2015 commonwealth of independent states cup was the 23rd annual commonwealth of independent states cup since its establishment in 1993.
actress filmfare award filmfare best magazine awards give part filmfare annual film south malayalam||the filmfare best actress award is given by the filmfare magazine as part of its annual filmfare awards south for malayalam films.
manchester unincorporated county indiana dearborn community manchester township||manchester is an unincorporated community in manchester township, dearborn county, indiana.
54 fight success 40 financial||54-40 or fight was a financial success.
become 1991 latter extinct title baron death great grandson fifth||the title became extinct in 1991 on the death of the latter's great-grandson, the fifth baron.
upon critically win 2017 acclaim hugo release novella 2016 nebula award best locus award best novella award best 2017 novella||it was critically acclaimed upon release, and it won the 2017 hugo award for best novella, the 2016 nebula award for best novella, and the 2017 locus award for best novella.
boyle creek variant name||a variant name was "boyle creek".
manufacture agricultural use aba light aba costly make sensitive however||aba can be manufactured for agricultural use; however, aba is light-sensitive and costly to make.
abc live sydney produce melbourne set broadcast||broadcast live on abc, it was set in sydney but produced in melbourne.
add august 31 2001 queensland register heritage||it was added to the queensland heritage register on 31 august 2001.
gymnastic olympics three category tokyo artistic summer gymnastic 2020 trampoline hold rhythmic gymnastic||gymnastics at the 2020 summer olympics in tokyo will be held in three categories: artistic gymnastics, rhythmic gymnastics and trampolining.
place census designate county cdp humboldt humboldt hill united california states||humboldt hill is a census-designated place (cdp) in humboldt county, california, united states.
golden 2000 nwa join part where wildside bailey jeff nwa elite onyx ruckus knight terry stable g.||in 2000, golden joined nwa wildside where was part of jeff g. bailey's nwa elite stable with ruckus, onyx, and terry knight.
release corrasion album drone third doom studio canadian nadja band||corrasion is third studio album released by the canadian drone doom band nadja.
inhabitant manage superior city repel retreat muslim heavy byzantine slave loss force||the muslim inhabitants of the city and their slaves managed to repel a superior byzantine force, which retreated with heavy losses.
operating system protect now most mode run support memory model 640 kb have constraint unsegmented modern flat||most modern operating systems now run in protected mode with support for an unsegmented (flat) memory model and do not have a 640 kb constraint.
subsequently new referee south grade gain league wales first first 1971 match rugby grade nswrl||he was subsequently graded to referee in the new south wales rugby league (nswrl), gaining his first first-grade match in 1971.
sacidava fort roman province dacia||sacidava was a fort in the roman province of dacia.
right marginal vein vein drain small blood heart||the right marginal vein is a small vein that drains blood from the heart.
bar cereal other high energy contain bar target food energy require have energy meal supplemental quick people time||energy bars are supplemental bars containing cereals and other high energy foods targeted at people who require quick energy but do not have time for a meal.
create painter work anthony benedetto public also permanent display name institution several||he is also a painter, having created works under the name anthony benedetto that are on permanent public display in several institutions.
since nature conservation primarily work 2001 chagos currently concern chairman conservation trust||since 2001 his work has been primarily concerned with nature conservation, currently as chairman of the chagos conservation trust.
jamaican also 100 successful compete meter win olympic medal 4 1996.in relay bronze team award austin most athlete sealy trophy 1993 1993 games outstanding carifta||she also competed on the successful jamaican team in the 4 x 100 meters relay, winning an olympic bronze medal in 1996.in 1993, she was awarded the austin sealy trophy for the most outstanding athlete of the 1993 carifta games.
fraudulent combat violin forgery other employ practice often form misrepresentation such||this is often employed to combat fraudulent practices such as violin forgery and other forms of misrepresentation.
neotrirachodon extinct russia exist period cynodont genus triassic middle||neotrirachodon is an extinct genus of cynodonts which existed in russia during the middle triassic period.
elicit reflex femur adductor tap tibia medial condyle adductor cause contract hip move epicondyle leg inward muscle medial||the adductor reflex is elicited by tapping over either the medial epicondyle of the femur or the medial condyle of the tibia, which should cause the adductor muscles of the hip to contract, moving the leg inwards.
bharatiya janata party negligience join 24 part trinamool leader 2017 tripura april central wave strong unit state bjp favor party also||he joined bharatiya janata party on 24 april 2017 due to negligience on the part of trinamool central leaders towards tripura unit of the party and also due to the strong wave in favor of bjp in the state.
plebeian rome sextia early republic gen time continue imperial time family||the gens sextia was a plebeian family at rome, from the time of the early republic and continuing into imperial times.
associate lyric attitude radical sport band||the band's attitude and lyrics are associated to radical sports.
wels municipality district upper aichkirchen state austrian austria land||aichkirchen is a municipality in the district of wels-land in the austrian state of upper austria.
cedar theater cedar rapids iowa rapids tcr theatre community||theatre cedar rapids (tcr) is a community theater in cedar rapids, iowa.
award ken screenwriter nicholl win tv writer kristensen academy book author comic||ken kristensen is an academy nicholl-award-winning screenwriter, tv writer, and comic book author.
voluntas associazione calcio dilettantistica voluntas spoleto spoleto italian locate football spoleto umbria club simply association||associazione dilettantistica voluntas calcio spoleto (or simply voluntas spoleto) is an italian association football club located in spoleto, umbria.
since color 40 2015 sell formation book 2015 million publish book march||they have published 40 coloring books since their formation in march 2015, and sold a million books in 2015.
east lumla part arunachal sabha constituency lok||lumla is part of arunachal east lok sabha constituency.
hamway york azrak toy found new company 1964 international offer inexpensive initially toy type item novelty inc.||azrak-hamway international, inc., was a new york toy company founded in 1964 that initially offered inexpensive novelty-type toy items.
education boy girl lodge provide blind free boarding facility||it provides free education to blind boys and girls with boarding and lodging facility.
new science contribute christendom warfare introduction andrew white washington post faith site blogge history 2011 theology 2010 dickson||he contributed a new introduction to a history of the warfare of science with theology in christendom by andrew dickson white and blogged on the washington post's on faith site during 2010 and 2011.
english ballerup bladet small newspaper weekly paper ballerup city ballerup copenhagen denmark base||ballerup bladet (english: the ballerup paper) is a small weekly newspaper, based in the city of ballerup near copenhagen, denmark.
join royal competition perform lines cruise ice show retire caribbean||after retiring from competition, he joined royal caribbean cruise lines, performing in their ice shows.
age most leave school country young often see people enough necessarily society old when mature reflect when regard enough adult||as in most countries, the school leaving age often reflects when young people are seen to be mature enough within their society, but not necessarily when they are old enough to be regarded as an adult.
bailey february 1960 stacey bear former wide 10 receiver american football dwayne||stacey dwayne bailey (born february 10, 1960) is a former american football wide receiver.
58 university campus employer global reach exam scale country administer||the exam is administered in 58 countries on university campuses and reaches out to employers on a global scale.
heel collar show success series comedy tour three greenlighte tour mid-2000 blue actor lead early||the show was greenlighted on the heels of the success of the blue collar comedy tour, which the series' three lead actors toured with in the early-mid-2000s.
aliso number niguel rank newsweek list 2016 school high top nation % high top 252 500 school nationwide 5||aliso niguel was ranked as number 252 in newsweek's 2016 list of the top 500 high schools in the nation, and was within the top 5% of high schools nationwide.
consist parish st part hundred west rest middlesex dunstan london ancient ossulstone city||it consisted of the part of the ancient parish of st dunstan-in-the-west that was in the ossulstone hundred of middlesex, the rest was within the city of london.
poison try because friend have order imprison infant daughter cast have wife||because of this, he tries to have his friend poisoned, has his wife imprisoned, and orders his infant daughter to be cast out.
sometimes see important aquarium food trade fish||it is an important food fish and sometimes seen in the aquarium trade.
financially success game lose play game few as two money willing sit cold fan new weather york december||the game was not a success financially: the two games that were played both lost money as few fans were willing to sit through the cold december new york weather.
u.s. naval navy inspect 1918 possible world district may 5th war 17 service||the u.s. navy's 5th naval district inspected her on 17 may 1918 for possible world war i service.
chapter book isaiah isaiah tenth 10 testament bible hebrew old bible christian||isaiah 10 is the tenth chapter of the book of isaiah in the hebrew bible or the old testament of the christian bible.
have facility time quality uncovered close break winter nature despite||despite the quality of the facility at the time, it had to close for a winter break, due to its uncovered nature.
make paralympic games brunei london paralympics one 2012 send summer debut athletic representative compete||brunei made its paralympic games debut at the 2012 summer paralympics in london, sending one representative to compete in athletics.
extinct genus hyaenodont metapterodon live hyainailouridae mammal namibia early miocene family||metapterodon is an extinct genus of hyaenodont mammal of the family hyainailouridae that lived in namibia during the early miocene.
film nominated actas marusia nine most win nomination best best result picture director include twelve||actas de marusia was the most nominated film with twelve nominations that resulted in nine wins, including best picture and best director.
new 2004 staff yorker 2015||he was on the staff of the new yorker from 2004-2015.
moth family discisignalis crambidae piletocera||piletocera discisignalis is a moth in the family crambidae.
play defender four just senior richmond game||a defender, he played just four senior games for richmond.
cut very water waterdrive reservoir reach value high||the water cut in waterdrive reservoirs can reach very high values.
hrrp support government mps 10 independent form able||the hrrp was able to form a government with the support of 10 independent mps.
center work join park service tank think progress where land head public projectfollowe american end obama goldfuss rejoin american progress liberal barack center presidency||before joining the park service, she worked at the center for american progress, a liberal think tank, where she was head of the public lands projectfollowing the end of barack obama's presidency, goldfuss rejoined the center for american progress.
mac fugu os develop client sftp michigan research x university unix rsug systems group||fugu is an sftp client for mac os x developed by the university of michigan's research systems unix group (rsug).
window lancet revival style gothic feature||it features lancet windows in the gothic revival style.
family moth colabata hezia bombycidae||colabata hezia is a moth in the bombycidae family.
base brts ahmedabad amritsar model brts||amritsar brts is based on ahmedabad brts model.
feature bethel job graduation travel search show europe subsequent university||the show features their graduation from bethel university, subsequent job search, and their travels in europe.
bear 30 tony 1967 assistant selector may zealand coach iro new rugby team league former national rugby roy league player||tony roy iro (born 30 may 1967) is a selector and assistant coach of the new zealand national rugby league team and a former rugby league player.
manage victim again escape once||once again, the victim managed to escape.
refer clause also federal immunity simply immunity state supremacy law||it is also referred to as a supremacy clause immunity or simply federal immunity from state law.
best 1985 100 publish novels xanadu||the 100 best novels, published by xanadu in 1985.
linepithema genus species ant linepithema neotropicum||linepithema neotropicum is a species of ant in the genus linepithema.
rico tap derive puerto raise inspiration style salsa music||raised in puerto rico, she derived inspiration for her tap style from salsa music.
chart cover album runners top midnight young rebels search soul first dexys||his first chart topping album cover was dexys midnight runners' 'searching for the young soul rebels'.
lyndon wstf manage johnson center space b.||wstf is managed by the lyndon b. johnson space center.
apollo program science global major economic make call carbon global baseload free program research electricity less electricity coal costly 2025 year||the global apollo program is a call for a major global science and economics research program to make carbon-free baseload electricity less costly than electricity from coal by the year 2025.
department commune la chaux orne western france north||la chaux is a commune in the orne department in north-western france.
property university early purchase building make 2006 offer that owner property seize domain worry eminent||the university made offers to purchase the property into early 2006, and the building owners worried that the property would be seized through eminent domain.
psi specification production buyer complie purchase ensure letter credit term that order||psi ensures that production complies with specifications of the buyer and/or the terms of a purchase order or letter of credit.
also repute particular talent divination read have arabs astrology seed madagascar bring||they are also reputed to have particular talent in divination through reading seeds or through astrology, which was brought to madagascar with the arabs.
now include turbine such have wind many low marginal bid cost low grid coal provide price that base wind nuclear so blow when load||the grid now includes many wind turbines which have such low marginal costs that they can bid lower prices than coal or nuclear, so they can provide some of the base load when the wind blows.
career represent successful union see league play rugby australia win england switch rugby premiership last 1996 career country year arl zealand union new rugby play||after a successful rugby union career which saw him represent his country he switched to rugby league, playing in both england and australia, winning the 1996 arl premiership, before playing out the last years of his career in rugby union in new zealand.
termi gain promotion 19 division second 2018 rubiku albanian||rubiku and termi gained promotion to the 2018-19 albanian second division.
under-19 bangladesh official under-19 odi team play since match include last compete five cricket 1997 world cups national||the bangladesh national under-19 cricket team have been playing official under-19 odi matches since 1997 including competing in the last five world cups.
leak version album internet appear first 2009 april||a leaked version of the album first appeared on the internet in april 2009.
destroy first morrison know reportedly video copy although critic recording describe script exist release morrison production copy play||after its first production, morrison reportedly destroyed all known video recordings of the play and copies of the script (although some critics describe copies existing but not being released by morrison).
chanvar single 96,000 plot land encompass cultivable house field bhigas||chanvar fields encompass single plot of 96,000 bhigas of cultivable land without any houses on it.
alexis have version word speak part cozy korner powell drum arrangement section song phil dennys string||alexis korner has a spoken word part in this version of the song, cozy powell on drums and phil dennys arrangement of the string section.
2015 announce term january seek district sully retire supervisor frey||in january 2015, frey announced he would retire and not seek another term as sully district supervisor.
grass release tour follow 2 include week root full uk band tour extensive mountains backing first spring group winter||extensive grass roots touring followed the release, including a 2 week spring full band tour of the uk, winter mountains first with a backing group .
drop hang electrode hdme electrode hmde dropping electrode mercury dme variation work mercury||the hanging mercury drop electrode (hmde or hdme) is a working electrode variation on the dropping mercury electrode (dme).
host ruminant natural serve||ruminants serve as natural hosts.
subject single adult waiver discretion conviction felony one multiple commander completely national disqualify moral||a single adult felony conviction could be subject to moral waiver, at the discretion of the national commander, but multiple ones are completely disqualifying.
uss lead ship ss-28 class h-1 originally name navy submarine united first seawolf u.s. navy name ship make seawolf states||uss h-1 (ss-28), the lead ship of her class of submarine of the united states navy, was originally named seawolf, making her the first ship of the u.s. navy to be named for the seawolf.
designate county california place butte census nord||nord is a census-designated place in butte county, california.
national spassov musical home hero theodosii honor music figure year award recently bulgaria artist||at home in bulgaria, theodosii spassov is national figure and musical hero, and was recently honored with the "music artist of the year" award.
reform long proposal funding urgency challenge continue face program term beneficiary ratio worker fall circulate drive baby expect aging as birth boom generation continue low rate expectancy life increase||reform proposals continue to circulate with some urgency, due to a long-term funding challenge faced by the program as the ratio of workers to beneficiaries falls, driven by the aging of the baby-boom generation, expected continuing low birth rate, and increasing life expectancy.
also mother release mexico ep look mummy dead||it was also released on an ep in mexico along with "mother," "look at me'" and "my mummy's dead."
frank black character crime series television millennium fictional thriller||frank black is a fictional character in the crime-thriller television series millennium.
21 phillips 39 choose 67th precinct representative seek that gop reelection district full condition november term 2012.phillips defeat general election democrat aaron estabrook elect 2012||phillips was chosen by 21 of the 39 gop precinct representatives in the 67th district on the condition that he would seek reelection in 2012.phillips was elected to a full term in the november 2012 general election, defeating democrat aaron estabrook.
lazazzera 1968 michele sprinter italian january bear 24||michele lazazzera (born 24 january 1968) is an italian sprinter.
friends 29 provident trading name 2011 life change register march friends friends remain provident although name||on 29 march 2011 friends provident changed its trading name to friends life, although its registered name remains as friends provident.
colonial architectural design style anne queen revival||it was designed in the colonial revival and queen anne architectural styles.
requirement administrative east timorese citizen visa other place citizen restriction state east authority timor entry||visa requirements for east timorese citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of east timor.
open genus endemic wood acidic soil eastern america dry north||this genus is endemic to dry open woods with acidic soils in eastern north america.
1997 comic_strip york conduct new news motley daily accord crew poll 28th most elect comic reader visitor strip favorite official site internet||according to a 1997 comics poll conducted by the new york daily news, motley's crew was elected as the 28th most favorite comic strip among readers and visitors to the official internet site.
one also tehsil malappuram kozhikode district formerly indian state kerala district seven taluk||it's also one of the seven taluks (tehsils) in malappuram district (formerly in kozhikode district) in the indian state of kerala.
advisory board group medingen||he is on the advisory board of the medingen group.
november version release kannada film release while 2015 january 2016 tamil film||the kannada version of the film released in november 2015, while the tamil film released in january 2016.
play ottawa league hockey currently nhl senators national||he is currently playing with the ottawa senators of the national hockey league (nhl).
dry desert southwestern united native states northern mexico area||it is native to dry and desert areas of the southwestern united states and northern mexico.
bhargava parashurama place spend rama day as have life where pralaya life chiranjeevi one||it is the place where bhargava rama or parashurama spending his days of life, as he is one of the chiranjeevi or having life up to pralaya.
first steel 1995 release most 2006 recent still release update regularly game panthers||the first steel panthers game was released in 1995, and the most recent was released in 2006 and is still updated regularly.
project break exception penthouse few sell ground||with the exception of a few penthouses, the project sold out before breaking ground.
marathas defeat battle panipat rival seize recover past start opportunity marathas loss hand||after the defeat of the marathas at the battle of panipat, their rivals started seizing the opportunity to recover their losses in the past at the hands of marathas.
travel outward coil pipe exciter pipe wall field||the field travels outwards from the exciter coil, through the pipe wall, and along the pipe.
jiblahensis bucculatricidae bucculatrix moth family||bucculatrix jiblahensis is a moth in the family bucculatricidae.
chance while third win party such system candidate remote national possible election office major large opposition group party two major party influence exert one||in such systems, while chances for third party candidates winning election to major national office are remote, it is possible for groups within the larger parties, or in opposition to one or both of them, to exert influence on the two major parties.
planting project sanction successful 1943 message officially comrade tender north atlantic sahara lorraine 1943 1943 1943 cross action shall escape race 1944 stand none 1944 add subversive sentiment thus film postwar also master reason||they had been successful "planting messages" into officially sanctioned projects like tender comrade (1943), sahara (1943), action in the north atlantic (1943), the cross of lorraine (1943), none shall escape (1944) and the master race (1944) and thus, it stood to reason, they could also add "subversive sentiments" into postwar films.
research focus include microscopy electron carter atomic transmission force microscopy area||carter's research areas of focus include transmission electron microscopy and atomic-force microscopy.
golfer remember well caddie fine professional famous many golfer include devlin american longbottom bob bruce tommy bolt shearer||longbottom was a fine golfer, but is better remembered as a famous caddie to many professional golfers including bruce devlin, bob shearer and american tommy bolt.
islamic school voluntary instruction post private offer - muslim attend require national course student student secondary malay monarchy ideology muslim||all private schools offer voluntary islamic instruction to muslim students, and all post-secondary students are required to attend courses on the national malay muslim monarchy ideology.
little more month black man follow death london death young contact edson da police costa second||this was the second death in little more than a month of a young black man in london following police contact, after the death of edson da costa.
district kiriella ratnapura member multi replace electoral 1989 - electoral general proportional representation system district election first||kiriella electoral district was replaced by the ratnapura multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the proportional representation system.
guitar make s4170ab ibanez electric prestige ibanez 's now discontinue series||the ibanez s4170ab was an electric guitar made by ibanez from the 's prestige' series, now discontinued.
rangers major as end career league start well||he started his major league career with the rangers, and ended it with them as well.
later as know murray eagle eagle american sheet central cover newspaper valley green also city lake especially murray utah salt||the american eagle, later known also as murray eagle and the green sheet, was a newspaper that covered central salt lake valley, especially the city of murray, utah.
then paddle twelve bordeaux man night||the twelve men would then paddle by night to bordeaux.
proprietary produce grind mill scrubber sepro vibrate ore screen gravity include centrifugal dense medium concentrator agglomeration drum separator technology||proprietary technology produced by sepro includes grinding mills, ore scrubbers, vibrating screens, centrifugal gravity concentrators, agglomeration drums, and dense media separators.
announce munn event several major||munn has announced at several major events.
train changi hold yard comprise train area 250,000 have meter square 35 depot capacity||changi depot comprises a train yard, which can hold a capacity of 35 trains and has an area of 250,000 square meters.
flavovittata beetle family mimadjinga specie only mimadjinga genus species cerambycidae||mimadjinga flavovittata is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus mimadjinga.
move website empire images british||moving images of the british empire website.
winemaking estates business treasury wine headquarter distribution australia global melbourne||treasury wine estates is a global winemaking and distribution business with headquarters in melbourne, australia.
yoruba actress ogunmola nollywood star film genre yoruba peju movie||peju ogunmola is a yoruba film actress who stars in nollywood movies of yoruba genres.
then expel party macdonald||macdonald was then expelled from the party.
however alka first rai election victory assembly||however this is not the first victory of alka rai in an assembly election.
issue 2015 re japanese offer records - solid label additional previously 1982 record release line way include terrence blanchard donald harrison two different track o'neal johnny||a 2015 re-issue on the japanese "solid records" label offers two additional tracks recorded in 1982 (and previously released on oh-by the way) with a different line up including terrence blanchard, donald harrison and johnny o'neal.
1994 become superior convent 1996 shepherd mother convent shelter damascus syria open first facility human domestic oasis victim violence trafficking good||in 1994, she became mother superior at the good shepherd convent in damascus, and in 1996, she and her convent opened the "oasis shelter", syria's first facility for victims of human trafficking and domestic violence.
serve pasta cappelletti typically||it is served with pasta (typically cappelletti).
north dock connect harrington||to the north it was connected to harrington dock.
artist feature cole ari include j. dreamville well as hamilton cj lennox bas||it includes features from dreamville artists, j. cole, ari lennox and bas, as well as cj hamilton.
available regular six light bold extralight black style italic upright semibold weight||it is available in six weights (regular, extralight, light, semibold, bold, black) in upright and italic styles.
first virus identify pathogen||it is the first pathogen identified as a virus.
vladimir list borbreshov sometimes april bear soviet sprint 1968 bobrezhov vladimir canoer compete early 1980 late 1990 14||vladimir bobrezhov (sometimes listed as vladimir borbreshov, born april 14, 1968) is a soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
dvd cd rockin double free album release world g3||along with this dvd, a double-cd album was released, g3: rockin' in the free world.
charles eugene hesse paul philippsthal bernard augustus german eugen karl august von bernhard paul bear ernest 20 philippsthal 1846 december philippsthal hessen december eisenach ernst member die 1925 house 22 last hesse landgrave hesse philippsthal ruling||ernest eugene charles augustus bernard paul of hesse-philippsthal (german: ernst eugen karl august bernhard paul von hessen-philippsthal; born: 20 december 1846 in philippsthal; died: 22 december 1925 in eisenach) was a member of the house of hesse and was the last ruling landgrave of hesse-philippsthal.
orient terminus express line twenty century form last thirty forty||it formed the terminus of the orient express line in the twenties, thirties and forties of the last century.
turner three book write edit authority j.m.w. collection artist letter work||he was an authority on the work of j.m.w. turner about which he wrote three books and edited a collection of the artist's letters.
mabni dhofar village governorate oman southwestern||mabni is a village in dhofar governorate, in southwestern oman.
rectifi type metal selenium 1933 rectifier invent||a selenium rectifier is a type of metal rectifier, invented in 1933.
asian 1990 u18 junior championship oceanic iihf seventh edition asian iihf oceanic u18 championship junior||the 1990 iihf asian oceanic junior u18 championship was the seventh edition of the iihf asian oceanic junior u18 championship.
great footpath little hormead furneux access be pelham hormead||there is access by footpaths from great hormead, little hormead and furneux pelham.
politician yatsuba ukrainian||yatsuba is a ukrainian politician.
cornelia anglican daughter marry magdeline senanayake priest||he married cornelia magdeline senanayake, daughter of an anglican priest.
arcade show jamma tokyo 2003 game reveal||the game was revealed at tokyo's jamma arcade show in 2003.
author chavez ralph anthropologist american work migration professor know well international latin immigrant particularly american||ralph chavez is an american anthropologist, author, and professor, best known for his work in international migration, particularly among latin american immigrants.
new college edinburgh early study church 1985 then ph.d. history earn||he then studied at new college, edinburgh, and earned a ph.d. in early church history (1985).
consist young attempt enter increase education only people also high number low represent group proportion under people disability income ethnic minority family||it consists of an attempt to increase not only the numbers of young people entering higher education, but also the proportion from under-represented groups (those from lower income families, people with disabilities and some ethnic minorities).
society realwheels serve rick hansen ambassador motion researcher member advisory panel man foundation president repair member discoveries icord collaboration advisory global mentor international committee diversity ywca bc||she has served as president of the realwheels society; ambassador for the rick hansen man in motion foundation; a researcher and member of the advisory panel for the international collaboration on repair discoveries (icord), a member of the diversity advisory committee for global bc and as a mentor with the ywca.
colony establish ionians city majority asia minor miletus||the majority of these colonies were established by ionians from the city of miletus in asia minor.
microorganism addition growth inhibit acidic prevent helpful have environment many infection||in addition, many microorganisms have their growth inhibited by such an acidic environment, which is helpful to prevent infection.
1994 staff chief retirement 1992 personnel till 1999.in commodore loedolff serve then serve personnel systems promote admiral director assign chief rear division manpower maintenance director service||he served as chief of staff personnel from 1994 till his retirement in 1999.in 1992 then commodore loedolff, serving as director service systems at personnel division, was promoted to rear admiral and assigned as chief director manpower maintenance.
specie flower ganderi mint rare lepechinia plant san common family diego sage know pitcher name||lepechinia ganderi is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name san diego pitcher sage.
interarrival service time different consider gi sometimes independent denote emphasize model gi/1||different interarrival and service times are considered to be independent, and sometimes the model is denoted gi/gi/1 to emphasize this.
passport month 3 validity business case accept special more travel||passport with validity of more than 3 months can be accepted in special cases or business travel.
hackley 12 1990 february volleyball player michelle bartsch american||michelle bartsch-hackley (12 february 1990) is an american volleyball player.
air species breathe snail stenotrema pulmonate mollusk gastropod terrestrial family land polygyridae hubrichti||stenotrema hubrichti is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family polygyridae.
united 15 states air fox may 2011||it aired on fox in the united states on may 15, 2011.
ziaeipour 14 bear march play footballer iranian saipa f.c. ipl 1989 mohammad||mohammad ziaeipour (born march 14, 1989) is an iranian footballer who plays for saipa f.c. in the ipl.
maccaferri expertise bring technical process technology world forty presence continent country direct more country||this process has brought the maccaferri technology and technical expertise to all countries of the world, with a direct presence in more than forty countries on all continents.
abhainn river eske hiascaigh irish eask also river county donegal ulster northwest begin eske lough ireland southeast donegal mainly flow town westward donegal bay donegal atlantic county||the river eske (irish: abhainn na hiascaigh; also eask) is a river in the northwest of ireland in county donegal in ulster, beginning at lough eske in southeast county donegal before flowing mainly westwards to the town of donegal and into the atlantic via donegal bay.
alexander august kerfoot 1994 11 professional hockey canadian bear ice forward||alexander kerfoot (born august 11, 1994) is a canadian professional ice hockey forward.
auburn annex neighbor community 2008 part||part of the community was annexed into neighboring auburn in 2008.
village committee gandaki lamjung northern zone district development nepal ghermu central||ghermu is a village development committee in lamjung district in the gandaki zone of northern-central nepal.
marcia bennett june bear joanne sometimes credit american bennett writer science 9 fantasy novel include fiction 1945 ni novel m.j. lach yaril children series||marcia joanne bennett (born june 9, 1945, sometimes credited as m.j. bennett), is an american writer of fantasy and science fiction novels, including the ni-lach series and the novel yaril's children.
buddy year launch fruit following first smoothie fruits also blended first pouch fruits fruit milk gel gel first jiggle pouch pure superfruits large adult pouch fruit cocomilk target||in the following years, buddy fruits also launched the first fruit smoothie in a pouch (blended fruits and milk), the first fruit gel in a pouch (pure fruit jiggle gel), and the first larger pouches of superfruits and of cocomilk targeting adults.
include chau segment pagri shape dome goshia style four kashiti qubbedar embroider nukka dupalli velvet dar mandil embroider||pagri styles included: "chau-goshia", in four segments, the dome shaped "qubbedar", "kashiti", "dupalli", embroidered "nukka dar", and embroidered and velvet "mandil".
13 2009 air fox december||it aired on december 13, 2009 on fox.
taleb suhail safia al iraqi currently serve ali ambassador muslim politician iraq sunni jordan||safia taleb ali al-suhail is an iraqi sunni muslim politician who currently serves as an ambassador of iraq to jordan.
arena open replace ice 1981 centennial king rink ice city avenue outdoor rink maintain only time fully ice||opened in 1981, centennial ice arena replaced the outdoor king avenue ice rink - the city's only fully maintained ice rink at the time.
walter james grauman direct d. buchanan dramatize work story write ronald television anthony wilson produce austin gladstein richard n.||it was directed by walter grauman, dramatized for television by james d. buchanan and ronald austin, both of whom were working from a story written by anthony wilson, and produced by richard n. gladstein.
bow create river name 1913 district little||the district, named after the little bow river, was created in 1913.
proxy war break canmore republic silvestrian nation manticore kingdom support havenite force chuiban receive assist erewhon||a war by proxy between both silvestrian nations break out, with the canmore republic receiving support from manticore and erewhon, and the kingdom of chuiban being assisted by havenite forces.
ultimately development geocentric heliocentric historical model importance system solar||they were of historical importance in the development of geocentric and ultimately heliocentric models of the solar system.
cover also department education assign beat election industry commission trade merit story tumultuous often page 60 70s ' front '||she has also been assigned to the beats covering the department of education, trade and industry, and the commission on elections, often meriting front-page stories in the tumultuous '60s and '70s.
1963 album arrange vaughan sarah snowbound studio costa don||snowbound is a 1963 studio album by sarah vaughan, arranged by don costa.
prairie unincorporated trempealeau community trempealeau wisconsin town west united county states||west prairie is an unincorporated community in the town of trempealeau, trempealeau county, wisconsin, united states.
exclusive journalism scoop news journalist news other report originality one item surprise excitement exceptional organization secrecy importance||in journalism, a scoop or exclusive is an item of news reported by one journalist or news organization before others, and of exceptional originality, importance, surprise, excitement, or secrecy.
17 canmore 1988 nordic center hold competition february||the competition was held on 17 february 1988, at the canmore nordic center.
nine september four execute 22||four of those nine were executed on september 22.
university law damascus history study study 1987 fiction move czechoslovakia direction film||he studied history and law at damascus university and moved to czechoslovakia in 1987 to study fiction and film direction.
town join 1927 wellington leave||he left to join wellington town in 1927.
total 12 mile length approximately||its total length is approximately 12 miles.
washington branch boulevard source||the source for this branch was near washington boulevard.
wilfredus medieval bishop wilre dunwich||wilred (or wilfredus) was a medieval bishop of dunwich.
1997 name reboot same game gt publish interactive devolver realms license same feature character 3d digital wang lo modern develop mythology asian element set modern graphic new full era while also throwback gameplay classic person first 3d redesign shooter feature||it is a reboot of the 1997 game of the same name, developed by 3d realms and published by gt interactive, licensed out by devolver digital, featuring the same character lo wang and a modern era setting with asian mythology elements, all of which were redesigned with modern, full 3d graphics and new gameplay features, while also being a throwback to classic first-person shooters.
serve augustinianum institute president patristic faculty 2018 2016 professor theology rome||until 2016, he served as the president of the patristic institute augustinianum in rome, and until 2018 was on the faculty as a professor of theology.
number train 16359 ernakulam junction junction operate number 16360 patna serve state direction nadu reverse train tamil kerala maharashtra andhra madhya telangana uttar bihar pradesh pradesh pradesh||it operates as train number 16359 from ernakulam junction to patna junction and as train number 16360 in the reverse direction serving the states of kerala, tamil nadu, andhra pradesh, telangana, maharashtra, madhya pradesh, uttar pradesh & bihar.
house hemidactylus oman gecko hajarensis species||hemidactylus hajarensis is a species of house gecko from oman.
fire studio netherlander first earth band rock symphonic earth fire album||earth and fire is the first studio album by the netherlander symphonic rock band earth and fire.
village 629 have population||the village has a population of 629.
elode beetle scirtidae family species apicalis marsh||elodes apicalis is a species of marsh beetle in the family scirtidae.
football john scottish manager dougary player||john dougary was a scottish football player and manager.
design burn 2 build 1830 william version st church evangelist john also edinburgh attribute church simplified burn||the church was built to a design of william burn in 1830-2, a simplified version of the church of st john the evangelist, edinburgh, which is also attributed to burn.
high run previously win danville state danville championship 400 school illinois junior year meter||previously she had run at danville high school in danville, illinois, winning the state championship in the 400 meters her junior year.
ollivier wrestler pierre belgian 1890 bear||pierre ollivier (born 1890) was a belgian wrestler.
clients private bank plc 1978 house church found trust british bank yeovil base kingdom united||bank and clients plc is a british private bank founded in 1978 as church house trust, and based in yeovil, united kingdom.
robert french guelpa rower||robert guelpa was a french rower.
northern border zone close parallel nine kilometer place as demilitarized korean||the northern border parallels the korean demilitarized zone, as close as nine kilometers in some places.
long duration 27th expedition expedition station iss international start march space 2011 16 27||expedition 27 was the 27th long-duration expedition to the international space station (iss), starting on 16 march 2011.
1996 rise empires ancient game building develop games publish strategy sierra impressions empire line rule on||the rise & rule of ancient empires is a 1996 empire-building strategy game developed by impressions games and published by sierra on-line.
john david debut album self souther singer title songwriter american see j.d. 1972 souther 1972 music release||john david souther is the self-titled debut album by american singer-songwriter j.d. souther, released in 1972 (see 1972 in music).
prehistoric order phyllothecaceae equisetale family when create 1828 type brongniart australis plant specie come hawkesbury river australia describe phyllotheca||the prehistoric family phyllothecaceae, of the plant order equisetales, was created in 1828, when brongniart described the type species phyllotheca australis coming from hawkesbury river, australia.
formation formation antigua geologic barbuda antigua||the antigua formation is a geologic formation in antigua and barbuda.
approach alternative find mapping situation data foreign original element use datum||in that situation an alternative approach must be used to find mappings from the original data to the foreign data elements.
indirect subsidy when impose import prohibition duty as material raw impose finished import||subsidies may be indirect, as in when import duties are imposed or some prohibition against the import of a raw or finished material is imposed.
also own forsythe racing compete forsythe championship team champ car series racing||forsythe also owned a racing team, forsythe championship racing, that competed in the champ car series.
tropical tall garcinia clusiaceae tree family epunctata rainforest||garcinia epunctata is a tall tropical rainforest tree in the clusiaceae family.
contain book part review third lal reply book||the third part of the book contains reviews of some of lal's books and his reply to them.
use threshold bulk seem mail unsolicited low e profile - chance candidate low||the threshold for using unsolicited bulk e-mail seems to be lower, the lower the profile, or the chances, of a candidate.
medicine course school medicine aerospace randolph complete aerospace primary receive base rating force aeronautical flight air surgeon 1957 texas||he completed the aerospace medicine primary course at the school of aerospace medicine, randolph air force base, texas, and received an aeronautical rating of flight surgeon in 1957.
merli john maurizio barry saxon star sullivan||it starred maurizio merli, john saxon and barry sullivan.
place order vinyl company expect lp double april ship 19 distribute 2008 collective||orders can be placed through vinyl collective, the company distributing the double lp, and are expected to ship april 19, 2008.
trade 2011 march previously july 2012 minister||he was previously minister of trade from march 2011 to july 2012.
suspect bay crannog||in the bay beyond is a suspected crannog.
name choose interest siemens polydor phonogram records reflect records interest philips||the name was chosen to reflect the siemens interest polydor records and the philips interest phonogram records.
use legally sign delivery able mail receipt receiver verify||the receiver will be able to verify the mail using a legally signed delivery receipt.
october bear sikder awami 16 biren 1949 bangladesh minister state league sports present politician youth||biren sikder (born 16 october 1949) is a bangladesh awami league politician and the present state minister for youth and sports.
denis flower wojcik texas mound author american||denis wojcik is an american author from flower mound, texas.
cotinga turquoise ridgwayi ridgway cotinga species family cotingidae cotinga bird||the turquoise cotinga or ridgway's cotinga (cotinga ridgwayi) is a species of bird in the family cotingidae.
august 1950 rukavina bear 23 tom politician former representatives minnesota minnesota member house||"tom" rukavina (born august 23, 1950) is a minnesota politician and former member of the minnesota house of representatives.
protonate boron example adduct trifluoride form||for example, it can be protonated, but it does not form an adduct with boron trifluoride.
status raise 2004 municipality village||the village was raised to municipality status in 2004.
park soccer field 7||within this park are 7 soccer fields.
change ubuntu time cloud software as synchronization one ubuntu various go clone inspire fork tomboy come||as ubuntu changed over time and its cloud synchronization software ubuntu one came and went, tomboy inspired various forks and clones.
doredona marine turbonilla mollusk gastropod family species pyram pyramidellidae snail sea ally||turbonilla doredona is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
specific allogeneic patient exist autologous product specific therapy non patient -||the product exists as both autologous (patient specific) and allogeneic (non-patient specific) therapy.
specifically 51st northumbrian infantry 50th divisions general part bernard serve highland eighth man montgomery veteran african army british campaign north||it was, specifically, men from the 50th (northumbrian) and 51st (highland) infantry divisions, both of which had served as part of general bernard montgomery's british eighth army, and were veterans of the north african campaign.
library former museum house building||the museum is housed in a former library building.
event meter freestyle olympics 400 1992 29 take piscines man place summer july picornell barcelona bernat spain||the men's 400 meter freestyle event at the 1992 summer olympics took place on 29 july at the piscines bernat picornell in barcelona, spain.
bind epoxygenase set heme cyp membrane just p450 p450 metabolize cyp contain acid polyunsaturate cytochrome enzyme range fatty activity product biological epoxide have||epoxygenases are a set of membrane-bound, heme-containing cytochrome p450 (cyp p450 or just cyp) enzymes that metabolize polyunsaturated fatty acids to epoxide products that have a range of biological activities.
presence time era hegemony phanariote other time amount one greeks simply include minority many romania ethnic present||at times, as during the phanariote era, this presence has amounted to hegemony; at other times (including the present), the greeks have simply been one among the many ethnic minorities in romania.
may create conservative mowbray john politician 1880 3||it was created on 3 may 1880 for the conservative politician john mowbray.
publish produce first team paper elect editorial source reporter populace group 1929 select university||first published in 1929, the paper is produced by an elected editorial team and a select group of reporters sourced from the university's populace.
stjarnan women play iceland western russia new wfc york rossiyanka flash previously nwsl||she previously played for stjarnan women in iceland, wfc rossiyanka in russia, and the western new york flash in the nwsl.
private art locate college liberal millsaps state capital college jackson mississippi||millsaps college is a private liberal arts college located in jackson, mississippi, the state capital.
dutch jan hanlo author still poem value time put several music||jan hanlo is still a valued dutch author, his poems have been put to music several times.
format 54 hole change team 2011 stroke start eight team single match play competition follow elimination play medal||the team format changed starting in 2011 to 54 holes of stroke play followed by an eight-team single elimination medal match play competition.
comic_strip aya graphic novel series refer aya yopougon oubrerie aya marguerite clement ak comics aya character dc character series feature comic abouet comics fictional book dc publish comics||aya, in comics, may refer to: aya of yopougon, a graphic novel series by marguerite abouet and clement oubrerie aya, a character in the ak comics series aya (dc comics), a fictional character featured in comic books published by dc comics.
13 tournament hold 1975 october october 19||the tournament was held from 13 october through 19 october 1975.
south television adapt korean 2006 trouble series couple remade faris eugenio derbez 2018 anna||in 2006, it was adapted into the south korean television series couple or trouble, and in 2018 it was remade with anna faris and eugenio derbez.
rakotoniaina arrival upon welcome hero fianarantsoa receive||upon rakotoniaina's arrival in fianarantsoa, he received a hero's welcome.
derive fusion genre musical electronica funk funktronica||funktronica is a musical genre derived from the fusion of electronica and funk.
use entegra third party original design system component system such autopilot tec corporation s gps garmin||the original entegra system was designed to use third-party components such as a gps from garmin and an autopilot system from s-tec corporation.
international hydes table tennis alan player male former england||alan hydes is a male former international table tennis player from england.
museum ecclesiology 1934 become more found focused science museum due maynooth callan association partially||the museum was founded in 1934 as the museum of ecclesiology but has become more focused on science, partially due to maynooth's association with callan.
transport 46 intraflagellar protein human ift46 protein encode gene that homolog||intraflagellar transport protein 46 homolog is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ift46 gene.
acquisition merge follow travel getthere system saber business solutions||following the acquisition, getthere merged with the saber business travel solutions system.
surname simmaco italian origin roman||simmaco is an italian surname of roman origin.
region siddhanath patron one god adjacent god several kshetrapal protective maharashtra regional||siddhanath is patron god of adjacent regions and one of among several regional protective (kshetrapal) gods of maharashtra.
afrasia open man gc professional bank mauritius - golf tour sanction european tournament sunshine tour tour co asian||gc the afrasia bank mauritius open is a men's professional golf tournament, co-sanctioned by the european tour, sunshine tour, and asian tour.
comat acquire 2011 technoserve service it company june mumbai india glodyn headquarter||in june 2011, comat was acquired by glodyn technoserve, an it services company headquartered in mumbai, india.
tell york little engineer old fulton new hardship robert build steam successful financing ship story river transportation power then america revolutionize first commerce world ocean||little old new york tells the story of the hardships of the engineer robert fulton in financing and building the first successful steam-powered ship in america, which would revolutionize river transportation and then ocean commerce around the world.
phunsog wilson albert award parvin fellow civilian high award fourth padma india government 1998 woodrow shri school||phunsog, an albert parvin fellow at the woodrow wilson school, was awarded the fourth highest civilian award of the padma shri by the government of india, in 1998.
mleiha road e55 road shwaib mainly traffic hatta road link center development oman||mleiha-shwaib (e55) roads, its development has mainly centered around these road links and the road traffic through hatta to oman.
village stand outskirt compass pub wheel||the wheel & compass pub stands on the village's outskirts.
tamer sister own santa kasy license media affiliate 19 kwbq fe two channel washington cw northeastern albuquerque station street studio share||owned by tamer media, kasy is sister to santa fe-licensed cw affiliate kwbq (channel 19) and the two stations share studios on washington street in northeastern albuquerque.
allow platform call long image train see lengthen 1990 hollow fence mark extension white space||the platforms were lengthened in the 1990s to allow longer trains to call (see image - the hollow space and the white fence mark the extension).
visit four professorship university princeton four hold klaff understanding professor science public year brussels starlab||klaff has held four visiting professorships at princeton university and was for four years professor of the public understanding of science at starlab in brussels.
also cape know wars wars africa xhosa frontier years war 100 flare series 1879 war up nine xhosa 1779 settler now cape european eastern south tribe africa||the xhosa wars (also known as the cape frontier wars, or africa's 100 years war) were a series of nine wars or flare-ups (from 1779 to 1879) between the xhosa tribes and european settlers in what is now the eastern cape in south africa.
nosed great vittatus platyrrhinus species bat bat broad family phyllostomidae||the greater broad-nosed bat (platyrrhinus vittatus) is a species of bat in the family phyllostomidae.
1985 university massachusetts amherst graduate midfielder defensive pole team man lacrosse long where||he is a 1985 graduate of the university of massachusetts amherst where he was defensive long-pole midfielder for the men's lacrosse team.
light shine let love||let their love light shine!
large july military amount ammunition 11 store 2011 two evangelos naval outdoors explosive year base self detonate 13 cyprus people zygi navy florakis ioannides commander commander base andreas six include firefighter kill||on 11 july 2011, a large amount of ammunition and military explosives that had been stored outdoors for over two years at the evangelos florakis naval base near zygi, cyprus, self-detonated, killing 13 people, including the commander of the navy, andreas ioannides, the base commander and six firefighters.
announce discovery 2008 may||the discovery was announced in may 2008.
festival appear also regularly edinburgh festival neuk east lufthansa gregynog festival festival aldeburgh music early festival baroque music festival york||they also regularly appear at the edinburgh festival, aldeburgh festival, east neuk festival, gregynog festival, lufthansa festival of baroque music and the york early music festival.
distinction norway house royal be kongelige familie royal kongehuset family||in norway there is a distinction between the royal house (kongehuset) and the royal family (kongelige familie).
village nalgonda district india allapur telangana||allapur is a village in nalgonda district in telangana, india.
uttarkashi himalaya town range contain district ganges yamuna district river high thousand pilgrim lie source hindu attract||uttarkashi district town lies high in the himalaya range, and the district contains the source of both the ganges and yamuna rivers, which attract thousands of hindu pilgrims.
squadron fighter aviation states unit united vf-62 navy 62||fighter squadron 62 or vf-62 was an aviation unit of the united states navy.
1880 1890s expectation mount eventuate sabine extend extension strong line campaign line forrest barramunga railway short just mount sabine 1910 prove railway unsuccessful 1890 also||expectations in the 1880s and 1890s that a railway line would be extended towards mount sabine did not eventuate, and a strong campaign for an extension of the forrest railway line to barramunga, just short of mount sabine, from the 1890s to the 1910s would also prove unsuccessful.
bear april 26 terry american kern 1954 former jumper olympics winter ski 1976 compete||terry kern (born 26 april 1954) is an american former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 winter olympics.
evans courthouse current 1940 people create county first 1923 sheriff county female elect evans||the current evans county courthouse was created in 1923 and, in 1940, the people of evans county elected their first female sheriff.
18th almost although continue century end rather status reduced office||the office continued almost until the end of the 18th century, although with rather reduced status.
principle design policy advance commonwealth||they are designed to advance the principles and policies of the commonwealth itself.
come announcement five three year year second term seven office completion 65 age retirement year||this announcement came three years before the completion of his second five-year term in office and seven years before the age of retirement of 65.
fifth death circa baronet extinct become 1790 title||the title became extinct on the death of the fifth baronet in circa 1790.
range medicine mountain see mountains bow||for the mountain range, see medicine bow mountains.
march 1925 hospital originally braithwaite medical serve memorial establish servant senior civil facility||it was established in march 1925 as braithwaite memorial hospital and originally served as a medical facility for senior civil servants.
strong 21,000 kivu conflict large mission peacekeeping force operation currently constitute||with a 21,000-strong force, the kivu conflict constitutes the largest peacekeeping mission currently in operation.
malayalam film sreekumaran mohiniyaattam thampi indian 1976 direct||mohiniyaattam is a 1976 indian malayalam film, directed sreekumaran thampi.
pilot name venezuelan crash die military venezuela first aircraft||it is named after a venezuelan military pilot who died in the first aircraft crash in venezuela.
czech first series format use take hbo abroad terapie||terapie is the first series of hbo czech, which uses the format taken from abroad.
vote andrew york democratic republican candidate new quincy candidate national adams john jackson||new york voted for the democratic candidate, andrew jackson, over the national republican candidate, john quincy adams.
approximately 4,000 forest mehrano home blackbuck game animal include indian hog gazelle big boar wild deer||mehrano forest is the home to approximately 4,000 big game animals, including blackbuck, indian gazelle, hog deer, wild boar.
portal itumeleng moseki eleventh 1940 bishop anglicanism bear kimberley 1995 2006 retirement kuruman baldwin||anglicanism portal itumeleng baldwin moseki (born 1940) was the eleventh bishop of kimberley and kuruman from 1995 until his retirement in 2006.
health 2011 rank no women men . time hottest 2 list||in 2011, men's health ranked her no. 2 in its "hottest women of all time" list.
weimar back date period date late bach 1735 although suggest as||it may date back to bach's weimar period, although a date as late as 1735 has been suggested.
cricket under-19 represent states states united team under-19 cricket international united||the united states under-19 cricket team represents the united states in international under-19 cricket.
lord southern records label american anderson record found independent 1998 greg||southern lord records is an american independent record label founded by greg anderson in 1998.
slightly model original guangzhou qq reveal auto 2011 show redesign chery sport generation new rename introduce qq3 shanghai show auto 2013||a slightly redesigned model of the original qq was revealed at the 2011 guangzhou auto show, and was renamed chery qq3 sport and a new generation was introduced at the 2013 shanghai auto show.
physical instrument measure measure quantity device||a measuring instrument is a device for measuring a physical quantity.
harvard divinity massachusetts cambridge currently professor school||he is currently a professor at harvard divinity school in cambridge, massachusetts.
veda yoheve bear 23 tel march aviv british palestine kaplinsky now lecturer israel juilliard professor 1947 school music mandate||yoheved "veda" kaplinsky (born march 23, 1947 in tel aviv, british mandate of palestine [now israel]) is a lecturer and professor of music at the juilliard school.
peerage become baron ireland blayney monaghan||he became baron blayney of monaghan in the peerage of ireland.
imply retailer marketing local store marketing mix optimization||for the retailer local marketing implies optimization of the store's marketing mixes.
football factory dyer follow man often role although success typecast present allow football image real factories real spin football off factories danny dyer deadliest hard international men||following the success of the football factory, dyer was often typecast in "hard-man" roles, although it was this image that allowed him to present the real football factories, its spin-off, the real football factories international and danny dyer's deadliest men.
television meer actor indian model fashion renowned ali||meer ali is an indian television actor and a renowned fashion model.
ojibwe chief chieftain township name||chief township was named for an ojibwe chieftain.
fail oricon single chart recochoku||the single failed to chart on oricon and recochoku.
alberta formation etherington formation geologic||the etherington formation is a geologic formation in alberta.
live 50 lagoon coral water reef m depth often||it lives in waters up to 50m in depth, often in lagoons or coral reefs.
treat taxa one case specie two taxonomist form colona e. refer domesticate also||some taxonomists treat the two taxa as one species, in which case the domesticated forms may also be referred to as e. colona.
perth focus bentley locate orally park technology administer arthritis osteoporosis preparation treatment||located in technology park (bentley), perth, it focuses on orally administered preparations for treatment of osteoporosis and arthritis.
plaistow bear||she was born in plaistow.
wat name build later klang 2 bang change khunthian bang wat temple khunthian acre nok war world ii area athikan abbotship samniang accordance phra khunthian neighborhood sound name make bang||later, they built another by the name of wat bang khunthian klang on area of 2 acres, this temple had changed to wat bang khunthian nok after world war ii under the abbotship of phra athikan samniang to make it sound in accordance with the name of bang khunthian neighborhood.
game first america 1996 release 1996 november september europe north||the game was first released in north america in september 1996, and in europe in november 1996.
family moth cosmopterigidae anoncia porriginosa||anoncia porriginosa is a moth in the family cosmopterigidae.
key infograme staff member mick take hocking evolution leave form studios include together ian hetherington psygnosis kenwright||after being taken over by infogrames, key members of staff including kenwright and mick hocking left to form evolution studios together with ian hetherington from psygnosis.
philosophy philosophy period civilization develop western end hellenistic hellenistic beginning aristotle neoplatonism follow||hellenistic philosophy is the period of western philosophy that was developed in the hellenistic civilization following aristotle and ending with the beginning of neoplatonism.
advocate morel poor dropout also education school especially||morel was also an advocate of education for the poor, especially school dropouts.
office stirling lead chief also sutherland base executive commission member alan||based in stirling, the office is led by the chief executive, alan sutherland, who is also a member of the commission.
mayor globe peduto read praise bill indicate publication regularly press day conference same editorial||mayor bill peduto indicated he read the globe regularly and praised its editorial from the same day of publication as his press conference.
certain exception other keep optional mandatory interlingua use while||it is mandatory to use certain exceptions in interlingua while others have been kept optional.
king succeed accord geoffrey gerennus son millus son||according to geoffrey, he was the son of king gerennus and was succeeded by his son, millus.
locate student clinic sherman 1601 acupuncture ave chicago ste 60201 evanston 200 il||the evanston student acupuncture clinic is located at 1601 sherman ave, ste 200, chicago, il 60201.
june dahl 1981 bear harvey 24 football american agent guard currently free||harvey dahl (born june 24, 1981) is an american football guard who is currently a free agent.
college espn broadcast division football use branding ncaa i football espn include college espn fbs property espn3 espnu espn2 deportes espn espn espn espnews radio classic abc||espn college football is the branding used for broadcasts of ncaa division i fbs college football across espn properties, including espn, espn2, espn3, abc, espn classic, espnu, espn deportes, espnews and espn radio.
paper approximately day 108,000 read||approximately 108,000 read the paper every day.
cup vandal dirt win turf saucer stakes coronation polytrack stakes new surface stakes futurity||he won the vandal stakes on dirt, the cup and saucer stakes on turf, and the coronation futurity stakes on the new polytrack surface.
involve organization museum preservation purpose also education member individual||also, the organization and individual members are involved with museums for education and preservation purposes.
two film wizard battle follow represent power one magic force industrial force oppose represent one technology||the film follows a battle between two wizards of opposing powers, one representing the forces of magic and one representing the forces of industrial technology.
bursa malaysia tanjong formerly share list stock exchange london||tanjong shares were formerly listed on the bursa malaysia and london stock exchange.
places historic register add national 1989 3 august||it was added to the national register of historic places on august 3, 1989.
southeast papuasia specie asia hawaii china occur latin america australia||species occur in china, southeast asia, papuasia, hawaii, australia, and latin america.
compete send venezuela summer beijing delegation paralympics 2008||venezuela sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 summer paralympics in beijing.
cause reston virus disease ebola - human virus non other know primate ebolaviruse cause disease infection cause asymptomatic four human||reston virus causes ebola virus disease in non-human primates; unlike the other four ebolaviruses, it is not known to cause disease in humans, but has caused asymptomatic infections.
lightweight competition summer olympics man four 2012 london dorney place lake coxless venue games take dorney purpose term officially eton||the men's lightweight coxless four competition at the 2012 summer olympics in london took place are at dorney lake which, for the purposes of the games venue, is officially termed eton dorney.
11 series 108 episode conclude 2008 july total||the series concluded on july 11, 2008 with a total of 108 episodes.
1933 bowstre design w. bridge build earthquake l. thereby 1935 safeguard two most newnham flood common disaster occur natural new resistant zealand southern||built between 1933 and 1935, this bowstring bridge was designed by w. l. newnham to be earthquake and flood resistant, thereby safeguarding it against the two most common natural disasters to occur in southern new zealand.
cup volleyball november world december men 2 1999 18 hold japan fivb||fivb volleyball men's world cup was held from november 18 to december 2, 1999, in japan.
stage even shafi active act popular most neela two become kamra play adaa inamdar||after that, he became active on the stage with shafi inamdar and even acted for two of his most popular plays - neela kamra and adaa.
prowl 1957 film direct crime write man american napoleon napoleon art art napoleon jo||man on the prowl is a 1957 american crime film directed by art napoleon and written by art napoleon and jo napoleon.
2007 eurobasket year host follow host euroleague knockout final four 2008 stage||it hosted the knockout stage of eurobasket 2007, and the following year hosted the euroleague's final four 2008.
hall knowlton e. dutch knowlton namesake austin||the namesake of knowlton hall is austin e. "dutch" knowlton.
probation service wales justice national criminal statutory england service community offender responsible criminal supervision assist sentencing duty mainly report provision court||the national probation service for england and wales is a statutory criminal justice service, mainly responsible for the supervision of offenders in the community and the provision of reports to the criminal courts to assist them in their sentencing duties.
manning april bear mike 12 michael christopher television personality producer activist 1987 american actor||michael christopher "mike" manning (born april 12, 1987) is an american actor, producer, television personality and activist.
note well rule many new fort where village become king sri krishnadevaraya powerful build nayaka kingdom vijayanagar most||nayaka is well noted for his rule where he built many new villages and forts and has became the most powerful king beside sri krishnadevaraya in vijayanagar kingdom.
take cat selfie compile collection selfie charlie ellis 2014||selfies is a 2014 collection of selfies taken by cats, compiled by charlie ellis.
peninsula southernmost nahuatl country cultural point northwest spanish when conquistador conqueror influence come 16th century nicoya||the northwest of the country, the nicoya peninsula, was the southernmost point of nahuatl cultural influence when the spanish conquerors (conquistadores) came in the 16th century.
8 bear conor sprint canoer irish compete 1974 maloney mid-1990 february||conor maloney (born february 8, 1974) is an irish sprint canoer who has competed in the mid-1990s.
terminology many anatomical use prefix derive unique term suffix greek ancient latin||anatomical terminology uses many unique terms, suffixes, and prefixes deriving from ancient greek and latin.
club 1907 found||the club was founded in 1907.
area know apes today main tourist barbary see den for macaque gibraltar location||today the area is known as the apes' den and is the main location for tourists to see barbary macaques in gibraltar.
lead vocalist guitarist shakedown currently band drummer band mississippi previously 55 old||he is currently the lead guitarist and vocalist of the band mississippi shakedown and was previously the drummer in the band ol' 55.
car 2002 4 january launch||the car was launched on 4 january 2002.
service river list cease since ship operate cruise||this is a list of river cruise ships, both those in service and those that have since ceased to operate.
have 200,000 more 17 make 2013 large language article july fourth korean wikipedia wiki follow korean korean wiktionary namu rigveda wiki wiki fork||as of july 17, 2013, it had more than 200,000 articles, making it the fourth-largest korean-language wiki, following korean wikipedia, korean wiktionary and the namu wiki, forked of rigveda wiki.
weymouth melcombe mp 1660 involve parliament return regis election declare void convention may 1660 double 5 elect||he was elected mp for weymouth and melcombe regis in 1660 for the convention parliament but was involved in a double return and his election was declared void on 5 may 1660.
wonders story collection fictions english short gaiman author poetry neil short||short fictions and wonders is a collection of short stories and poetry by english author neil gaiman.
manage victim again escape once||once again, the victim managed to escape.
south korea consist group kyrgyzstan philippines pr china||the group consists of south korea, china pr, kyrgyzstan, and the philippines.
remote taliban post surround quam observation base attack farmland surround||the taliban surrounded the remote base and its observation post, attacking it from quam and surrounding farmland.
short member tail parrot inhabit africa small asia||its members are small, short-tailed parrots that inhabit africa and asia.
abandon limburg ii military locate world approximately airfield war germany airfield north der limburg hessen lahn 2 mile mile southwest 275 northwest berlin approximately||limburg airfield is an abandoned world war ii military airfield located in germany approximately 2 miles north-northwest of limburg an der lahn (hessen); approximately 275 miles southwest of berlin.
garner critic album reach review music number eighty top hip favorable albums billboard r&b hop chart two||the album garnered favorable reviews from music critics and reached number eighty-two on the billboard's top r&b/hip-hop albums chart.
gestational take age age measure woman period pregnancy last menstrual gestation lmp corresponding estimate more age if method accurate as available||gestational age is a measure of the age of a pregnancy which is taken from the woman's last menstrual period (lmp), or the corresponding age of the gestation as estimated by a more accurate method if available.
- begin label use gmo numi non product 2012 tea organic||the non-gmo label began use in 2012 with numi organic tea products.
publish baen 1991 first february paperback books||it was first published in paperback by baen books in february 1991.
monastery abbey found barlings england lincolnshire premonstratensian 1154||barlings abbey, lincolnshire, was a premonstratensian monastery in england, founded in 1154.
brand van then den concentrate mountain cyclo biking cross||van den brand then concentrated on mountain biking and cyclo-cross.
1966 payton locate road campus gin open current||the current campus, opened in 1966, is located on payton gin road.
october dalindyebo 2015 12 year membership da sentence prison terminate||in october 2015 dalindyebo was sentenced to 12 years in prison, and his membership of the da was terminated.
games use catamaran 2008 olympic 1976 discipline||it was used for the catamaran discipline at the olympic games from 1976 to 2008.
small town state arunachal pradesh bhismaknagar indian||bhismaknagar is a small town in indian state of arunachal pradesh.
guiscard brother robert conversano one sister geoffrey nephew||he was a nephew of robert guiscard through one of his sisters and a brother, geoffrey of conversano.
inception strive art forward since move distinct atlas explore maintain style improvised character improv storytelling base||since its inception, atlas has striven to move the art of improv forward by exploring and maintaining a distinct style of character-based improvised storytelling.
bad mtv boyfriend lutz play tell||"i play the bad boyfriend," lutz told mtv.
three match new win test series 2 t20i 2 0 zealand 0||new zealand won the three match test series 2-0 and the t20is 2-0.
india number worship place territory state census report as 2001 list||this is a list of states and territories of india by number of places of worship as reported by the census 2001.
expensive time count bird example consume plant wetland animal see restore if restoration success newly||for example, it would be expensive and time-consuming to count every bird, plant and animal in a newly restored wetland to see if the restoration was a success.
success remade film mana huge mo oriya bijay mohanty sidhanta pain maindhan khali sibiraj tamil star mannin sathyaraj||after the huge success of this film it was remade into oriya as mo mana khali tori pain starring sidhanta, bijay mohanty and in tamil as mannin maindhan with sibiraj and sathyaraj.
push initially 3rd army fight soviet ground halt command leibstandarte romanian advance german when adolf brigade axis arrive reinforce ally hitler ss||after initially pushing back the romanian 3rd army, which fought under german command, the soviet advance ground to a halt when the leibstandarte ss adolf hitler brigade arrived to reinforce their axis allies.
one presence jack supernatural dive put ghost bottom encounter sea contact father own||on one dive, jack encounters a supernatural presence at the bottom of the sea that puts him in contact with the ghost of his own father.
fine london new 2005 bond relocate art st james street open 2011 moretti||in 2005, he opened moretti fine art in london's new bond street, relocating to st james's in 2011.
forest obscure now most coastal although forest defense cromer bed bed rich continue erode fossil skeletal include remain discover mammoth 1990 west runton||although most of the forest bed is now obscured by coastal defense, the cromer forest bed continues to be eroded and is rich in fossils including the skeletal remains of the west runton mammoth which was discovered in 1990.
input 1 example tie logical assure test defect that state manufacture type generation find behavior pattern specific test||for example, an input is tied to a logical 1 state during test generation to assure that a manufacturing defect with that type of behavior can be found with a specific test pattern.
gin 1997 season gordon philippine franchise boars association season 19th pba basketball||the 1997 gordon's gin boars season was the 19th season of the franchise in the philippine basketball association (pba).
divide medieval philosophy period main period two west history latin middle early century 12th ages traditionally when follow work golden preserve cultivate 13th 14th century 12th age aristotle latin west plato recovery witness ancient reception culmination significant commentator philosophy development logic philosophy arabic field religion metaphysics||the history of medieval philosophy is traditionally divided into two main periods: the period in the latin west following the early middle ages until the 12th century, when the works of aristotle and plato were preserved and cultivated and the 'golden age' of the 12th, 13th and 14th centuries in the latin west, which witnessed the culmination of the recovery of ancient philosophy, along with a reception of its arabic commentators, and significant developments in the field of philosophy of religion, logic and metaphysics.
ball 1921 hold mark grand new building college opening 11 august||a grand ball was held on 11 august 1921 to mark the opening of the new college building.
duplicate further ov4 two launch first build satellite two||two further ov4 satellites, duplicates of the first two, were built but not launched.
non christians whether two - timber christians execution piece cross conjoin put specify permanently normal together purpose execution merely||neither the christians nor the non-christians specify whether the two pieces of timber of the normal execution cross were permanently conjoined or were merely put together for the purpose of the execution.
cavalry cavalry 4th regiment serve regiment volunteer army union american war massachusetts civil||the 4th massachusetts volunteer cavalry regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the union army during the american civil war.
republican u.s. boschwitz rudy democratic incumbent challenger growe joan senator defeat||incumbent republican u.s. senator rudy boschwitz defeated democratic challenger joan growe.
sassa footballer moroccan adil play dhj professional defender||adil sassa is a moroccan professional footballer, who plays as a defender for dhj.
guatemala locate sakapultek sacapulas people municipality maya||the sakapultek are a maya people in guatemala, located in the municipality of sacapulas.
update yet democratic reflect reform tonga 2010.politic article take monarchy whereby king framework constitutional state head chief place commander implement forces armed||this article has not yet been updated to reflect the democratic reforms implemented in 2010.politics of tonga takes place in a framework of a constitutional monarchy, whereby the king is the head of state and the commander-in-chief of the armed forces.
election 2018 legislative karnataka assembly 36000 incumbent chief siddaramaiah margin vote minister win||during karnataka legislative assembly election, 2018 he won by a margin of 36000 votes against incumbent chief minister siddaramaiah.
dutch socialistische partij pacifistisch left psp party dutch pacifist party socialist political socialist wing||the pacifist socialist party (dutch: pacifistisch socialistische partij, psp) was a left-wing dutch socialist political party.
adivasi group ulladan india kerala idukki district||ulladan are an adivasi group in idukki district, kerala, india.
post freedom officially independence category fighter cover recognize - take government part indian include category also member get pension other family people movement dependant railway benefit counter special||post-independence, "freedom fighter" is an officially recognized category by the indian government covering those who took part in the movement; people in this category (can also include dependant family members) get pensions and other benefits like special railway counters.
currently play footballer botswana botswana ramoshibidu commission meat||ramoshibidu is a botswana footballer who currently plays for botswana meat commission.
performances three special great soloist tenor mo featured||he was a featured soloist in the great performances special "three mo' tenors."
world one bangkok tourist top city destination capital thailand||bangkok, the capital of thailand, is one of the world's top tourist destination cities.
also ways lethal american wicked 1991 thriller charm film drama know star heather barbara locklear make january cbs 1 television michaels premiere richard itc eden film 1991.directe washington entertainment produce shoot 1990 march d.c.||her wicked ways (also known as lethal charm) is a 1991 american made-for-television thriller-drama film starring barbara eden and heather locklear which premiered on cbs on january 1, 1991.directed by richard michaels and produced by itc entertainment, the film was shot in washington, d.c. in march 1990.
party new unified foreign zealand ownership oppose economic sale sufficiency support standard asset return self gold||as unified new zealand, the party opposed asset sales and foreign ownership and supported economic self-sufficiency a return to the gold standard.
merong specifically part gendhing initial||specifically, the merong is the initial part of a gendhing.
eastern tanzania southeastern include zanzibar find island songo kenya songo||it is found in southeastern kenya and eastern tanzania, including zanzibar and songo songo island.
record crabs genus freshwater china vietnam tiwaripotamon||tiwaripotamon is a genus of freshwater crabs, recorded from china and vietnam.
iddrisu one likely think president ghana nominee national mold ticket vice congress ndc democratic||mold-iddrisu had been one of those thought to be the likely nominee for vice president of ghana on the ticket of the national democratic congress (ndc).
land situate nh 3 47 edapally adjacent acre hospital palarivattom||the hospital is situated in 3 acres of land adjacent to nh 47, between palarivattom and edapally.
play previously united airdrieonians dundee||he has previously played for dundee united and airdrieonians.
traffic thereafter arrest philadelphia stop escort trio mississippi hold speeding hour jail number follow local||the trio was thereafter arrested following a traffic stop outside philadelphia, mississippi for speeding, escorted to the local jail and held for a number of hours.
136 psalm different slightly system vulgate version numbering greek bible latin septuagint||it is psalm 136 in the slightly different numbering system of the greek septuagint and the latin vulgate versions of the bible.
leave six year end month term ceo airport sydney corporation five balding become||balding left six months before the end of his five-year term, to become ceo of sydney airport corporation.
urbaine east city south coast madagascar commune atsimo region capital atsinanana farafangana||farafangana is a city (commune urbaine) on the south-east coast of madagascar and capital of the atsimo-atsinanana region.
indigenous people great australian central ngurrara pilbara southern kimberley desert region grouping australia western sandy||the ngurrara are a grouping of indigenous australian peoples of the great sandy desert, in the central pilbara and southern kimberley regions of western australia.
grappelli stochelo rosenberg artist stephane angelo debarre series andreas jimmy larsen jon oberg rosenberg||some artists in this series are stephane grappelli, stochelo rosenberg, angelo debarre, jon larsen, andreas oberg, and jimmy rosenberg.
that none if take never sadden work show||if he was saddened that none took up his work, he never showed it.
procedure common orthodontic||this is a common orthodontic procedure.
1 population january have 55 2009||it has a population of 55 (as of 1 january 2009).
yet girl aware name soundtrack movie music recording precede claire album whale that||they were not yet aware that a girl named claire and a soundtrack to the whale music movie would precede the recording of that album.
design webley company 1910 scott gun||the gun was designed in 1910 by the webley & scott company.
micronation empire progressive lobby atlantium secular group base wales australia new pluralist south||the empire of atlantium is a micronation and secular, pluralist progressive lobby group based in new south wales, australia.
cell electrically one muscle structure gap junction cardiac below allow potential see action pass next one cell know link||all cardiac muscle cells are electrically linked to one another, by structures known as gap junctions (see below) which allow the action potential to pass from one cell to the next.
drag unify organize establish club airfield aerodrome graveley race duxford royal air force run first raf station racing british disuse meeting drag||it was established to unify the clubs, and organized drag races at disused airfields like duxford aerodrome and raf graveley royal air force station and ran the first british drag racing meeting.
announce gap february store slate 2007 closure that june 19 15 store 2007 schaumburg close inc first||in february 2007, gap inc announced that all 19 stores were slated for closure, and on june 15, 2007, the first store, in schaumburg, closed.
collins fort know collins camp also military reservation 19th outpost united century army colorado territory states||camp collins (also known as the fort collins military reservation) was a 19th-century outpost of the united states army in the colorado territory.
coin citizen term physicist rankism fuller w. educator diplomat robert||the term "rankism" was coined by physicist, educator, and citizen diplomat robert w. fuller.
describe pine center grow iconic image national country ethos one only tree tree||an iconic image, the pine at its center has been described as growing "in the national ethos as our one and only tree in a country of trees".
also society meeting have month different speaker subject most lots||lots also has society meetings most months with speakers on different subjects.
service afghanistan fight social illiteracy vocational awc provide woman workshop training field secretary hairdressing||the awc provided social services to women in afghanistan, in the fight against illiteracy and vocational training for those in the secretary, hairdressing and workshop fields.
small west thales crater||to the west is the smaller crater thales.
half blut split originally plan aus prevent cd nord difficulty financial intend||originally intended to be half of a split cd with blut aus nord, the plan was prevented by financial difficulties.
chrysostetha beetle species family odontocera cerambycidae||odontocera chrysostetha is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
radio may 6 3:32 2009 exactly first receive l'aquila one month play earthquake||it received its first radio play on 6 may 2009 at 3:32, exactly one month after the l'aquila earthquake.
fighting month new nationwide emergency long declare report country state||with new fighting reported throughout the country, a month-long nationwide state of emergency was declared.
watt coleman bear lloyd 9 1942 former australian politician duncan july||lloyd duncan watt coleman (born 9 july 1942) is a former australian politician.
same day wound mortally die||he was mortally wounded, and died the same day.
ken english play townsend role engineer abbey important studios mbe road sound||ken townsend mbe is an english sound engineer who played an important role at abbey road studios.
columbus art 1980 design graduate college||he graduated from the columbus college of art and design in 1980.
1995 establish bristol crusader productions 2003 bay rename entertainment||it was established in 1995 as crusader entertainment, and was renamed as bristol bay productions in 2003.
about onset effect hour 5 2 day last||onset of effects is about 2 hours and lasts for 5 days.
ii wulfstan separate archbishop york||i, to separate him from wulfstan ii, archbishop of york.
march bear manuel vargas magdaleno lagos 1981 moreno jalisco 29 flyweight mexico professional boxer division mexican||manuel magdaleno vargas (born march 29, 1981 in lagos de moreno, jalisco, mexico) is a mexican professional boxer in the flyweight division.
episode consist historian expert domain interview specific segment discussion also||segments of the episodes also consist of interviews by historians and experts in the specific domain under discussion.
crypto have word root mean secret greek speech phasia mean||the word has its roots from the greek crypto, meaning secret, and phasia, meaning speech.
- non theater perform bbt international pre profit professional company - ballet ballet locate maine pittsfield school||ballet theater (bbt) is a non-profit performing company and an international pre-professional ballet school, located in pittsfield, maine.
find china chorispora pakistan||chorispora found in china and pakistan.
felona sorona italian rock e band le progressive orme album||felona e sorona is an album by the italian progressive rock band le orme.
einstein family way mexico make assist albert friend||assisted by friends and albert einstein, the family made their way to mexico.
nine presidency candidate run whilst total contest national 16 assembly election political party||a total of nine candidates ran for the presidency, whilst 16 political parties contested the national assembly elections.
release 20 film worldwide u.s. 1998 november||the film was released on november 20, 1998 in the u.s. and worldwide.
islands 1977 falkland 6 hold thursday 1977 member election legislative october elect council general||the falkland islands general election of 1977 was held on thursday 6 october 1977 to elect members to the legislative council.
old christian altercatio dialog latin survive preserve jewish||the altercatio is the oldest surviving jewish-christian dialog preserved in latin.
kabiline contain village school primary||the village contains kabiline primary school.
own embed employee manufacturer industrial system winsystems computer specialize product rugged||winsystems is an employee owned embedded systems manufacturer specializing in rugged industrial computer products.
canterbury rugby taranaki sit just provincial wanganui south 8 championships unions||both the taranaki and south canterbury rugby unions sit just behind wanganui with 8 provincial championships each.
championship staging since 2015 52nd county board competition establishment 1908 cavan||the 2015 championship was the 52nd staging of the competition since its establishment by the cavan county board in 1908.
architecture barch study university oregon arts new fine school parsons york new mfa design||he studied architecture (barch) at the university of oregon and fine arts (mfa) at parsons the new school for design in new york.
run battle burn dutch fireship aground||in the battle she ran aground and was burnt by a dutch fireship.
play important contact political abbey part expand government make asylum have importance 1544 where considerably deal religious as well give religious dissident protection great center charitable||she played an important political part: she had contacts within the government, expanded the abbey and its importance considerably and made it into an asylum (1544) where a great deal of religious dissidents were given protection, as well as being a religious and charitable center.
formerly roxanne lara attorney rocky new serve mexico commission eddy county||roxanne "rocky" lara is an attorney who formerly served on the eddy county, new mexico commission.
include toxin only effect generally side effect due wear month 4 3||the effects that are due only to the toxin itself (including the side effects) generally wear off within 3 to 4 months.
multiliratus haplocochlias species mollusc snail gastropod sea family skeneidae marine||haplocochlias multiliratus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family skeneidae.
film one location sketch portmeirion town studio regular external use wiggyville sketch set captain where adorable||some sketches are filmed in the studio; one regular external location is portmeirion, used for the town of wiggyville where the captain adorable sketches are set.
locate street know 89 collins 101 curtain collins office wall building international street style street utilize entry garden setback 95 provide||located at 89 - 101 collins street, and known as 95 collins street, it was a curtain-walled office building in the international style, with a setback to the street which was utilized to provide a garden entry.
base initially model one deal business group buying teambuy.ca day||teambuy.ca's business model was initially based on group buying and one deal a day.
bill exist court action still jurisdiction preserve authority act justice schedule administration 1977||the bill was not actioned and the court still exists as a preserved jurisdiction without authority under the administration of justice act 1977 schedules.
usual long opening episode omit favor sequence penultimate upon once time recap episode||the episode omits the usual long opening sequence in favor of a recap of the penultimate episode, "once upon a time".
reference contain two include million magazine book material thesis material audiovisual photograph graduate report map journal||it contains some two million reference materials including books, magazines and journals, graduate theses, reports, audiovisual materials, maps and photographs.
panaceae aralieae split knowledge schefflerieae state reject whether plerandreae tetraplasandreae least highly doubtful current subdivide accurately||splitting the panaceae from the aralieae is rejected by the current state of knowledge, and whether the schefflerieae can be accurately subdivided into the plerandreae and tetraplasandreae is at least highly doubtful.
other write one songwriter nijgh most lennaert song||like most of his other songs, this one was written with songwriter lennaert nijgh.
connecticut town states plainfield windham united county||plainfield is a town in windham county, connecticut, united states.
street local station bmt line avenue fourth 45th new york city subway||45th street is a local station on the bmt fourth avenue line of the new york city subway.
organization share group use interest control||this is controlled and used by a group of organizations that have shared interest.
family species anthomyiidae vagan hylemya fly||hylemya vagans is a species of flies in the family anthomyiidae.
tree project accord all member sphingobacteria whereas living caldithrix deferribacterales species consider unclassified ncbi bacteria lpsn unclassified assign||according to 'the all-species living tree' project caldithrix is a member of sphingobacteria, whereas the lpsn assigns it as an unclassified deferribacterales and the ncbi considers it an unclassified bacteria.
country refer neutral also internment belligerent equipment armed time detain force hague practice 1907.the war territory human declaration convention use rights internment universal restrict||internment also refers to a neutral country's practice of detaining belligerent armed forces and equipment on its territory during times of war under the hague convention of 1907.the universal declaration of human rights restricts the use of internment.
cranston bryan star jennifer garner film||the film stars bryan cranston and jennifer garner.
marines distinguish military go field career hispanic such sport many different space exploration||many hispanic marines went on to distinguished careers outside of the military in different fields such as sports and space exploration.
mp frank steffel current||the current mp is frank steffel.
fashion study fashion city technology york return institute spain 1976 new port||in new york city, she studied fashion at the fashion institute of technology, but returned to port of spain in 1976.
bis totonero football scandal 1986 fix italy 1984 totonero match serie a serie serie c2 b 1986 c1 serie||totonero 1986 or totonero bis was a scandal of football match fixing in italy between 1984 and 1986 in serie a, serie b, serie c1 and serie c2.
beban film helen eddy jerome george vera sosso star pietro henry frank a. barrows lewis bennett||the film stars george beban, helen jerome eddy, pietro sosso, vera lewis, henry a. barrows, and frank bennett.
dam daughter 1 stormy grade renee multiple fleet renee winner||his dam, stormy renee, is a daughter of the multiple grade 1 winner fleet renee.
state character affinity age have beverage year 21 alcoholic||the character is stated to be 21 years of age and has an affinity for alcoholic beverages.
kuhinja slovene slovenian slovenia landscape climate history influence cuisine diversity slovenska neighboring culture||slovenian cuisine (slovene: slovenska kuhinja) is influenced by the diversity of slovenia's landscape, climate, history and neighboring cultures.
see loss lose heavy 8 conservative collapse also benefit liberal councilor democrats council 1990 conservatives low 212 recover 94 gain point councilor||the conservatives saw heavy losses, losing 212 councilors and 8 councils; the conservative collapse also benefited the liberal democrats, who recovered from their 1990 low point and gained 94 councilors.
launch americorps scheibel instrumental||scheibel was instrumental in the launch of americorps.
265 population 148 2010 census housing contain unit||as of the 2010 census, its population was 265 and it contained 148 housing units.
ohioans purpose oplin have that access format ensure location equal information regardless||oplin's purpose is to ensure that all ohioans have equal access to information, regardless of its format or location.
conduct research center astrophysic geodesy solar system physics technology space||the center conducts research in astrophysics, solar system physics, geodesy, and space technology.
continuous margin right stomach less margin while curvature esophagus left acute join great angle curvature notch cardial term notch cardiac||the right margin of the esophagus is continuous with the lesser curvature of the stomach, while the left margin joins the greater curvature at an acute angle, termed the cardiac notch (or cardial notch).
bodo film industry good hainamuli comedy film||hainamuli is the best comedy film in the bodo film industry.
verge sims position darryl first pursue opportunity replace nfl season instead||he replaced darryl sims, who was on the verge of his first season in the position but instead was pursuing an opportunity in the nfl.
occupy war troop nagorno 1993 armenian january 1994 5 when karabakh troop azeri 24 liberate october||during the nagorno-karabakh war it was occupied by armenian troops, from 24 october, 1993 to 5 january, 1994, when it was liberated by azeri troops.
krasnodar-2 ground side home fc fc krasnodar reserve||it is the home ground of fc krasnodar-2, reserve side of fc krasnodar.
lipids spice 2016 essential one producer natural food world color oil plant extract||in 2016, plant lipids is one of the producers of spice extracts, essential oils and natural food colors in the world.
student sps 2,500 downtown campus evanston have chicago streeterville neighborhood more||with more than 2,500 students, sps has campuses in both evanston and downtown chicago in the streeterville neighborhood.
complex masonry chaco style mcelmo mcelmo call characterize tubular block slab sandstone large||the masonry style of this complex is called mcelmo (chaco-mcelmo), characterized by large sandstone blocks and some tubular slabs.
2001 when liquidate 1991 bankruptcy operate||it operated from 1991 to 2001, when it was liquidated by bankruptcy.
john use book 1726 henley primitive liturgy 1 phrase part use oratory||in 1726, john henley used this phrase in his book the primitive liturgy: for the use of the oratory, part 1.
play georgia southern college football university||he played college football at georgia southern university.
eastern dalnik part know europe||in parts of eastern europe, they are known as dalniks.
action police first chief police headquarters bar member lot commission parking police||the police chief's first action was to bar police commission members from the police headquarters and parking lot.
dtvpal have unique dvr class product one feature live pause tv model shift digitally tv broadcast time ability||one model, the dtvpal dvr, had unique features in this class of product: the ability to pause live tv and time-shift broadcast tv digitally.
iroquois soil community very fertile locate river||located on the iroquois river, the soil around this community is very fertile.
simpsons often nevertheless hire||he is nevertheless often hired by the simpsons.
project russia administer still international exchanges iatp irex harmony research administer eurasian board country other||iatp was administered by project harmony in russia and still is administered by the international research & exchanges board (irex) in other eurasian countries.
- kissidougou sub prefecture town guinea prefecture faranah region beindou||beindou is a town and sub-prefecture in the kissidougou prefecture in the faranah region of guinea.
have rating 2560 2008 high achieve elo rating career 1999 2614 july october||in october 2008, he had an elo rating of 2560 and achieved a career highest rating of 2614 in july 1999.
surgical specimen autopsy increase processing perform systematize number hospital autopsy||he systematized the processing of surgical and autopsy specimens and increased the number of autopsies performed at the hospital.
bear neeraj 1990 march film 26 indian madhav dancer film malayalam actor work||neeraj madhav (born 26 march 1990) is an indian film actor and dancer who works in malayalam films.
january horst former 1943 18 german bear footballer lunenburg||horst lunenburg (born 18 january 1943) is a former german footballer.
gatis bear 25 george queensland march former 1978 professional footballer townsville 2000s rugby play league national league rugby super competition australian league||george gatis (born 25 march 1978 in townsville, queensland) is an australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s who played in the national rugby league, and super league competitions.
parent dutch protestants||his parents were dutch protestants.
follow start 8 sunday feast nativity september mary mary mount church jesus bandra mother||it starts on the sunday following 8 september, the feast of the nativity of mary, mother of jesus, at the mount mary church, bandra.
west large western india facet burma subducte plate much plate||to the west is the much larger india plate, which is subducting beneath the western facet of the burma plate.
genus family geometridae xynonia moth||xynonia is a genus of moth in the family geometridae.
anachron single first after imprint dependent leave release own||it was their first single released on their own anachron imprint, after they left dependent.
association prominently family figure often organization overseas chinese||family associations and organizations often figure prominently among the overseas chinese.
failure album follow cash duo release money||following the album's failure, the duo was released from cash money.
nkvd agent||i was an nkvd agent.
design class 1903||the class was designed in 1903.
1856 writer antoine 1935 french critic albalat literary||antoine albalat (1856-1935) was a french writer and literary critic.
precedent have early german 15th literature image buch der especially woodcut century alchemical heiligen 1410 ca dreifaltigkeit have precedent 17 direct complete 10 woodcut nrs 19 gamos allegorical hieros||some of the woodcut images have precedents in earlier (15th-century) german alchemical literature, especially in the buch der heiligen dreifaltigkeit (ca. 1410) which has the direct precedents of woodcuts 10, 17 and 19, allegorical of the complete hieros gamos, nrs.
tradition chandel ancestor woman muslim accord rajput as member disown other tribe marry such||according to their traditions, their ancestor, a chandel rajput married a muslim woman, and as such he was disowned by other members of his tribe.
oulema species family texana chrysomelidae beetle leaf||oulema texana is a species of leaf beetle in the family chrysomelidae.
man event 2014 asian heavyweight take place 1 +87 games ganghwa dolmens kilogram 2014 south korea gymnasium october incheon||the men's heavyweight (+87 kilograms) event at the 2014 asian games took place on 1 october 2014 at ganghwa dolmens gymnasium, incheon, south korea.
high high houston school school serve texas county missouri houston public||houston high school is a public high school serving houston, texas county, missouri.
car mk6 build only unit gt three 1963 race 1962 car lola manufacturer cars lola british||the lola mk6 gt was a racing car built in only three units between 1962 and 1963 by british car manufacturer lola cars.
award support film best actress national win achuvinte performance amma 2005||she won the national film award for best supporting actress for her performance in achuvinte amma (2005).
specie adapt mountain selenipedium rediscover habitat colony vanillocarpum 2001allied genera brazilian phragmipedium cypripedium paphiopedilum contain several specie formerly include genus know selenipedium caricinum mexipedium such selenipedium laevigatum selenipedium||selenipedium vanillocarpum is a brazilian species adapted to a mountain habitat, a colony was rediscovered in 2001allied genera include paphiopedilum, mexipedium, cypripedium and phragmipedium - a genus containing several species formerly known as "selenipedium", such as selenipedium caricinum, and selenipedium laevigatum.
congresses march 4 new since year then following convene congresses begin new following year 1934 3 january||new congresses convened on march 4 of the following year until 1934, and since then, new congresses have begun on january 3 of the following year.
creuse saint amand central department france commune||saint-amand is a commune in the creuse department in central france.
guest contribute television frequent radio newspaper myriad magazine program||he is a frequent guest on radio and television programs and contributes to a myriad of newspapers and magazines.
felted nature depend rely material scaly purely prevent barbed fiber unravel texture sticky material include clayey matted increased commonly structural density integrity||depending on the nature of the felted material, it might rely purely on the scaly or barbed texture of the matted fibers to prevent unraveling, but commonly it will include clayey or sticky materials for its structural integrity, or for increased density.
toe binding pattern today nevada almost universal||the nevada toe pattern is almost universal among bindings today.
computer establish operating option user system mss most||for most computer users, the mss option is established by the operating system.
chicago book class newspaper 1907 chicago appear working 400 about 1917 single panel day comic strip||it appeared in the chicago day book, a chicago working-class newspaper, from 1907 to 1917 in about 400 comic strips and single panels.
collinson manage stephen hospital director former ryhurst executive chief||stephen collinson, the managing director of ryhurst, is a former hospital chief executive.
because universally also mechanism controversial contrast fmri agree exist||it is also controversial because it is not universally agreed to exist as a contrast mechanism for fmri.
video sandbox game game element 4x space develop ventures upcoming windows microsoft ios video linux macos media virtual reality anticipate system device android release include 2018 december||the video game is an upcoming sandbox video game with 4x elements being developed by space media ventures for microsoft windows, macos, linux, ios, and android systems, including virtual reality devices, anticipated for release in december 2018.
roppel biathlete only lillehammer competitor kyrgyzstan yevgeniya||biathlete yevgeniya roppel was the only competitor in lillehammer for kyrgyzstan.
kakuri association energy renewable developmental have||kakuri has a developmental association for renewable energies.
democracy christian election de win lead mita ciriaco||the elections were won by the christian democracy, led by ciriaco de mita.
respond output furthermore change anticipate algorithm input way reproduce analysis easily||furthermore, not algorithms can change or respond to input or output in ways that cannot be anticipated or easily reproduced for analysis.
series erboh season 1 disk release compact first december records 15 2011 track season include first dftba album 2 track live include series bonus||erboh season 1, the series' first album was released on a compact disk through dftba records in december 2011, including all 15 tracks from the first season of the series, including 2 bonus live tracks.
one wildlife fifty fisheries united title code federal regulations comprise 50 states title cfr||title 50 - wildlife and fisheries is one of fifty titles comprising the united states code of federal regulations (cfr).
popular join station asia south bhareti when||bhareti joined the station when it was popular across south asia.
family propachyarthra genus belong tineidae moth||propachyarthra is a genus of moths belonging to the family tineidae.
adobe flash one vector attack||one vector of attack has been through adobe flash.
president 2007 tempore senate 2012 pro serve||from 2007 to 2012, he served as president pro tempore of the senate.
bamne vaishali wadhwa gaurav takkar star muskan||it stars vaishali takkar, muskan bamne and gaurav wadhwa.
successful poor administrator affair however state reportedly manage law favor izz therefore din brother hasan al abdicate||however, she was reportedly a poor administrator "who was not successful in managing the affairs of state", and therefore abdicated in favor of her brother-in-law 'izz al-din hasan.
excite@home sell partner webshots 1999||he and his partners sold webshots in 1999 to excite@home.
dragons home rodney rugby team ground regional union parade rugby newport rfc club union||rodney parade is the home ground of dragons regional rugby union team and rugby union club newport rfc.
capnobatae cloud one kapnobatai smoke walk name give mysians day thrace mean bulgaria modern dietary restriction practice live live consume milk thus honey thing||kapnobatai or capnobatae, meaning "those who walk on/in smoke/clouds" was one of the names given to the mysians of thrace (modern-day bulgaria) who practiced the dietary restriction of not consuming living things, thus living on milk and honey.
ascc coordinating affiliate systems electric american alaska north reliability council nerc corporation member||the alaska systems coordinating council (ascc) is an affiliate north american electric reliability corporation (nerc) member.
previous two series show special similar schedule edition air week final final new five 9 why fire the 16 december december||the show's schedule was similar to the previous series, with two specials airing alongside it towards its final weeks, both being new editions - "the final five" on 9 december, and "why i fired them" on 16 december.
stoneseed specie gromwell generally know||species are known generally as gromwells or stoneseeds.
mccumbee jr. later portray earnhardt truck nascar series chad driver become||chad mccumbee, who portrayed earnhardt jr., later became a nascar driver in the truck series.
station five nagpur city zone 28 operate police||nagpur police operate from 28 stations in five zones across the city.
transportation york range dutch strong century authority city expansionism new century era industrial century 17th half robert moses 20th cronyism 19th era||transportation in new york city has ranged from strong dutch authority in the 17th century, expansionism during the industrial era in the 19th century and half of the 20th century, to cronyism during the robert moses era.
three group bradley female singer comprise barb caulfield as erber guitarist sandy ray phil pam keyboardist balsano sapko well bill bass syniar wennerstrom vern drummer guitarist||the group comprised three female singers, pam bradley, sandy caulfield, and barb erber, as well as guitarist ray sapko, keyboardist phil balsano, bass guitarist bill syniar, and drummer vern wennerstrom.
production phase star trek when ii picture motion however become return nimoy persuade||phase ii, however when the production became star trek: the motion picture, nimoy was persuaded to return.
like golf play||he liked to play golf.
mae well swirtty nibley name sophia screen montecarlo know||swirtty mae nibley is better known by her screen name sophia montecarlo.
sawhney chairman director independent board director manage naveen base cable company industries cords india cable||naveen sawhney is the managing director, chairman of the board and independent director of india-based cables company, cords cable industries.
existence allow company now focus dual gather forecon mission excel as board well intelligence visit search primary seizure mission side specialized raid vbss||this dual existence now allows the forecon companies to focus on excelling in their primary intelligence-gathering mission, as well as the visit, board, search, and seizure (vbss) side of the specialized raid mission.
life 23rd kerala kottiyoor wild village hilly sanctuary situate area eastern kannur||kottiyoor is a village and the 23rd wild life sanctuary of kerala, situated in eastern hilly area of kannur.
metabolism lysine tryptophan a intermediate coenzyme glutaryl||glutaryl-coenzyme a is an intermediate in the metabolism of lysine and tryptophan.
constituency bhopal vidhan one madhya pradesh madhya 230 sabha constituency||bhopal madhya vidhan sabha constituency is one of the 230 constituencies of madhya pradesh.
new subway york build city model car st. r38 1967 louis bmt b company division car ind 1966||the r38 was a new york city subway car model built by the st. louis car company from 1966 to 1967 for the ind/bmt b division.
scotland under-17 level under-21 represent mchattie||mchattie has represented scotland at under-17 and under-21 level.
j bury range highwood plot river alberta canada cemetery high 274c||they are buried in plot 274c, range j, highwood cemetery, high river, alberta, canada.
transmit sending console character receive character message second console paper sending console tape punch||the message was transmitted from the receiving console to the sending console, character by character, punching a second paper tape at the sending console.
network wan wide network computer extend area distance telecommunications geographical place large network||a wide area network (wan) is a telecommunications network or computer network that extends over a large geographical distance/place.
institute tibetan private profit non - language locate organization hamilton educational montana||the tibetan language institute is a private, non-profit educational organization located in hamilton, montana.
office post unincorporate 58057 code although zip have||although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the zip code of 58057.
note writer discuss big see night spender saturday people financial choice lousy make berate||discussing big spender, the writer noted, "every saturday night, he can be seen berating people who make lousy financial choices."
complete genome compilation plastid maintain public repository available ncbi||a compilation of all available complete plastid genomes is maintained by the ncbi in a public repository.
2010 12:15 cet draw hold 30 switzerland nyon november||the draw was held at 30 november 2010 at 12:15 (cet) at nyon, switzerland.
cookeroo kangaroo genus extinct oligocene early fossil deposit miocene heritage area australia late world riversleigh find||cookeroo is a genus of extinct kangaroos from the late oligocene and early miocene found in fossil deposits from the riversleigh world heritage area, in australia.
eagle blue connect marion lake river raquette mountain lake east west lake||it is connected to eagle lake and blue mountain lake to the east and the marion river/raquette lake to the west.
use early 2000s pc engine game mainly||it was mainly used as a pc game engine in the early 2000s.
aamujen length album tenhi full second fourth airut part saga airut||airut:aamujen is the fourth full-length album of the tenhi and the second part in their airut-saga.
use key color initially when point other magazine print selling black many white magazine predominantly||initially the use of color throughout the magazine was a key selling point when many other magazines were predominantly printed in black and white.
use separate cryptosystem two hybrid cryptosystem scheme public key encapsulation key encapsulation datum key scheme cryptosystem cryptosystem construct symmetric||a hybrid cryptosystem can be constructed using any two separate cryptosystems: a key encapsulation scheme, which is a public-key cryptosystem, and a data encapsulation scheme, which is a symmetric-key cryptosystem.
rider time hold end slim place considerably final as trial margin small end ever tour only spread three second 31 top rider||in the end, each rider held his place after the final time trial, but with considerably slimmer margins, as the tour ended with the smallest-ever spread of only 31 seconds among the top three riders.
people western nuer south gambela sudan speak ethiopia region||it is spoken by the nuer people of south sudan and in western ethiopia (region of gambela).
away 2010 hull still leave remainder cut waterline there||in 2010 the hull was cut away to the waterline, the remainder still left there.
ura district town gewog northeastern bhutan ura bumthang||ura is a town in ura gewog in bumthang district in northeastern bhutan.
league make major 8 debut may 1938 cubs||he made his major league debut with the cubs on may 8, 1938.
spiny proechimys guairae guaira rodent rat echimyidae species family||the guaira spiny-rat (proechimys guairae) is a species of rodent in the family echimyidae.
end compare equipment be high only usually main unit maybe that distinguish separate detachable though one pair equipment feature loudspeaker main also have unit build||the distinguishing feature compared to high-end equipment is that there is usually only one main unit, with maybe a pair of detachable or separate loudspeakers, though some equipment also has these built into the main unit.
rusticate arched doorway story low||the lower stories are rusticated, with arched doorways.
die bruce mohs 1 baldwin february 2015||bruce baldwin mohs died february 1, 2015.
project analyze information public gather education statistical formulate provide future recommendation||the project gathers statistical information and analyzes it to provide education to the public, and to formulate recommendations for the future.
hit guy need have song just radio||guys you need a radio hit and we have just the song for you.
hendriks jimmy 19 1994 player dutch professional march bear darts compete dart corporation event||jimmy hendriks (born 19 march 1994) is a dutch darts player who competes in professional darts corporation events.
most endogenous metalloproteinase metalloproteinase inhibitor notorious timps tissue||the most notorious endogenous metalloproteinases are tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases (timps).
throbbing manhattan capture intend vibrancy imitate ability piece electronic acoustic notable sound instrumentation||the piece, intended to capture the throbbing vibrancy of manhattan, is notable for its ability to imitate electronic sounds through acoustic instrumentation.
one com two web base video feature company recording only||com is one of only two companies with a web-based video recording feature.
play live concern three misfit teenager salem oregon||the play concerns three misfit teenagers who live in salem, oregon.
current season time highlight bold compete full driver text||drivers competing full-time in the current season are highlighted in bold text.
bear vladimir chusovoy 25 prokhorov krai luger 1984 perm compete since russian may 2000||vladimir prokhorov (born may 25, 1984 in chusovoy, perm krai) is a russian luger who has competed since 2000.
simulate datum behavioral neural pavlovian fire dopaminergic neuron proportion conditioning reward unexpected midbrain||it simulates behavioral and neural data on pavlovian conditioning and the midbrain dopaminergic neurons that fire in proportion to unexpected rewards.
september since 2015 benefice glan rector ithon comprise llandrindod previously village brecon diocese wells surround swansea||previously, she had been, since september 2015, rector of the benefice of glan ithon, comprising llandrindod wells and surrounding villages, in the diocese of swansea and brecon.
24 lee april franklin october director 1961 recreation 27 sage department hanmer russell foundation 1937 1871 1912||lee franklin hanmer (october 24, 1871 - april 27, 1961) was the director of the recreation department of the russell sage foundation from 1912 to 1937.
austin c. bear 1929 weightlifter richard maine amateur powerlifter g. sports fame hall member||richard g. austin (born c. 1929) is an amateur weightlifter / powerlifter and member of the maine sports hall of fame.
team begin january for tour 2014 katusha season luis de san||the 2014 season for team katusha began in january at the tour de san luis.
early village state strong spite lgbt pro - activist california nearly campaign 170 especially prosecution lgbt harsh development year gay lesbian punishment people bisexual transgender||in spite of the strong development of early lgbt villages in the state, pro-lgbt activists in california have campaigned against nearly 170 years of especially harsh prosecutions and punishments toward gays, lesbians, bisexuals, and transgender people.
division reichswehr unit 5th||the 5th division was a unit of the reichswehr.
producer dj record base london british owner label uk midland||midland is a british dj, producer and record label owner based in london, uk.
journal unveil 2005 fretboard november issue first||the first issue of the fretboard journal was unveiled in november 2005.
class other a wrnq tower directional adjacent protect station new first city york wnyl signal troy wfly||unlike other class a stations on that tower, wrnq's signal is directional to protect first adjacents wnyl new york city and wfly troy.
t5 major tournament 1997 masters good finish||his best finish in a major was t5 at the 1997 masters tournament.
people western nuer south gambela sudan speak ethiopia region||it is spoken by the nuer people of south sudan and in western ethiopia (region of gambela).
poll 55 fail % voter reject||it failed at the polls, with 55% of voters rejecting it.
sub station mendip serve village name - confusion westbury potential wiltshire westbury westbury because||the station served the village of westbury-sub-mendip, but was not named westbury because of the potential for confusion with westbury, wiltshire.
world u.s. 1996 champion champion national time 1991 1995 1990 2002 six 1997 1998||he is the 1996 world champion and a six-time u.s. national champion (1990, 1991, 1995, 1997, 1998, 2002).
harlley bear 1992 professional alex 28 june georgia revolution footballer fc currently togolese play||alex harlley (born 28 june 1992) is a togolese professional footballer currently playing for the georgia revolution fc.
legal wake problem financial anthem band distribution label support lose recording soon||in the wake of legal and financial problems with anthem, the band lost support, distribution for recordings and were soon without a label.
july succeed father 2007 barony 14||he succeeded his father to the barony on 14 july 2007.
use include new project currently worm fsa genome analyze factor sequence vivo transcription fly bind||fsa is currently being used for projects including sequencing new worm genomes and analyzing in vivo transcription factor binding in flies.
military base exact wynberg wynberg military basically base facilities more sports part part||it is basically a part of the wynberg military base, or to be more exact, a part of the wynberg military base sports facilities.
concept psychology clinical disorder such educational think disorder||it is a concept in educational psychology and is not a clinical disorder such as a thought disorder.
know search also bigfoot clarke arthur episode c. bigfoot clarke c. arthur search||the episode is also known as "bigfoot", "in search of bigfoot", "arthur c. clarke" and "in search of arthur c. clarke".
album industry platinum phonographic certify british||the album has been certified platinum by the british phonographic industry.
produce production bradykinin htr negatively activation factor cause surface filter xii charge such||htrs are caused by the production of bradykinin produced through factor xii activation by negatively charged surfaces such as filters.
railway serve station ravenscraig station town ravenscraig hospital railway inverclyde originally part greenock wemyss greenock railway own caledonian railway scotland later bay||ravenscraig railway station was a railway station serving ravenscraig hospital near the town of greenock, inverclyde, scotland, originally as part of the greenock and wemyss bay railway and later owned by the caledonian railway.
zone safe where be infected refuge begin non new usually - era seek||there is usually a 'safe zone' where the non-infected can seek refuge and begin a new era.
club city football australian kalgoorlie football compete rule goldfields club league football||kalgoorlie city football club is an australian rules football club competing in the goldfields football league.
feature frontman cox video duritz courteney adam date song||the video for the song featured courteney cox, whom frontman adam duritz had dated.
chinese taipei championships aquatics hungary 2017 budapest july 14 world july compete 30||chinese taipei competed at the 2017 world aquatics championships in budapest, hungary from 14 july to 30 july.
beetle buprestidae family julodis species belong albomaculata||julodis albomaculata is a species of beetles belonging to the buprestidae family.
use attack oracle adaptive datum compression mixture plaintext choose plaintext result compression unknown content text length compress change sensitive detect compress text encrypt then though content even||in a compression oracle attack the use of adaptive data compression on a mixture of chosen plaintext and unknown plaintext can result in content-sensitive changes in the length of the compressed text that can be detected even though the content of the compressed text itself is then encrypted.
venezuelans bear citizen portuguese citizenship venezuelans luso portuguese citizen ancestry bear portuguese venezuelan citizenship venezuelan||portuguese venezuelans (or luso-venezuelans) are portuguese-born citizens with venezuelan citizenship or venezuelan-born citizens of portuguese ancestry or citizenship.
point that michael interview silverblatt stone locution 1960 hear as channel various again interesting prime prose green specific||michael silverblatt points out in an interview with stone that the various "locutions," specific to the 1960s, are interesting to hear again as they're channeled through the prose of prime green.
version have process simple numerical display value||simple versions have a numerical display of the process values.
arizona university degree computer wife have graduate kristen engineering||he is a graduate of university of arizona with a computer engineering degree and has a wife, kristen.
england consortium small new small coordinate corporation arms facility manufacturer brown automatic rifle world war m1918 ii production||new england small arms corporation was a consortium of small manufacturers who coordinated their facilities for production of m1918 browning automatic rifles during world war ii.
most frog describe japan beautiful||it has been described as the most beautiful frog in japan.
eight disk live volume live two album jerry band garcia||live volume eight is a two-disk live album by the jerry garcia band.
genus family araneidae spider cyrtobill||cyrtobill is a genus of spiders in the araneidae family.
egg observe behavior destruction where egg one remove specie tossing bird individual nest infanticide relate communal egg||egg tossing or egg destruction is a behavior observed in some species of birds where one individual removes an egg from the communal nest; which is related to infanticide.
shipyard number 107 yard build horten naval||she was built at the naval shipyard in horten, with yard number 107.
150 enzyme classify more different be dehydratase group four||there are more than 150 different dehydratase enzymes that are classified into four groups.
civil bottineau township township county dakota tacoma north u.s. state||tacoma township is a civil township in bottineau county in the u.s. state of north dakota.
junior youth organize department fire mostly activity firefighting||junior firefighting is a youth activity mostly organized by fire departments.
edition program first last broadcast broadcast edition april 25 september 3 1992 1989||the first edition of the program was broadcast on 3 april 1989, with the last edition being broadcast on 25 september 1992.
blake 1862 describe||it was described by blake in 1862.
american novelist debut achilles novel song madeline miller||madeline miller is an american novelist, whose debut novel was the song of achilles.
1971 act marine administer assistance ministry reserves department conservation zealand new govern new forces defense fisheries customs zealand||they are governed by the marine reserves act 1971 and administered by the department of conservation with assistance from the ministry of fisheries, new zealand customs and the new zealand defense forces.
work people date young thousand 30,000 directly mlms indirectly more||to date, mlms has worked with over 30,000 young people directly and thousands more indirectly.
eppolito two louis caracappa york department nypd new detective work police police former mafia principally behalf lucchese stephen york crime new family illegal commit various activity gambino while||louis eppolito and stephen caracappa are two former new york police department (nypd) police detectives who worked on behalf of the new york mafia, principally the lucchese and gambino crime families, while they committed various illegal activities.
genus xipholena family cotingidae bird passerine||xipholena is a genus of passerine birds in the family cotingidae.
family crambidae anania federalis moth||anania federalis is a moth in the family crambidae.
separate monarchy well also be as crown british fourteen territories two state associate zealand overseas new dependency three||as well as these separate monarchies, there are also three crown dependencies, fourteen british overseas territories and two associated states of new zealand.
greatly since league beginning competitiveness format change 1987||the format and competitiveness of the leagues have changed greatly since their beginnings in 1987.
publish night child write museum 1993 illustrate croatian picture milan trenc illustrator book||the night at the museum, published in 1993, is a children's picture book written and illustrated by croatian illustrator milan trenc.
range range central east mountain nevada county washoe fox||the fox range is a mountain range in east central washoe county, nevada.
open international include stage demo while band feet under factory six behemoth fear||while at the demo stage, they opened for international bands including six feet under, fear factory and behemoth.
continue - snow composer x role score film create mark files||mark snow continued his role as x-files composer to create the film's score.
point locate powhatan island ohio shore opposite captina||powhatan point, ohio is located on the opposite shore from captina island.
30 1968 metivier june register prepared scrap naval strike sell||on 30 june 1968, metivier was struck from the naval register and was prepared to be sold for scrap.
watcher begin gilmore first guide whale san naturalist continue group onboard 25 diego 1958 year excursion popular||guiding groups of whale-watchers beginning in 1958, gilmore was the first onboard naturalist in san diego; he continued his popular excursions for 25 years.
season much sometimes first snowfall grass remain green||the grass remains green throughout much of the season, sometimes until the first snowfall.
31 us peak also riaa sale 500,000 certify gold||it also peaked at #31 in the us and was certified gold by the riaa for sales over 500,000.
leys story burnetts present build remain day castle four||the burnetts of leys built the remaining four story present day castle.
wahe bangladeshi footballer striker ahmed play||wahed ahmed is a bangladeshi footballer who plays as a striker.
genre commonly also film courtroom refer trial film drama||trial films is a film genre, also commonly referred to as courtroom drama.
edit technical news file skill own story journalist||a journalist with the technical skills to edit and file their own news stories.
netherlands greece norway canada france sign turkey protocol 2010 convention germany||canada, france, germany, greece, the netherlands, norway, and turkey signed the 2010 protocol to the convention.
amelia theodora windsor sophia margaret lady 24 bear 1995 windsor mary august amelia english royal british fashion family member model||lady amelia windsor (amelia sophia theodora mary margaret windsor; born 24 august 1995) is an english fashion model and member of the british royal family.
professional bill american player football milner charles play lineman edgar season bears york chicago offensive giants three new||charles edgar "bill" milner was a professional american football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the chicago bears and new york giants.
1 make follow 265 first issue appearance||1 #265, before making its first appearance in the following issue.
great represent treaty britain epe lagos benjamin consul miller hms commander thomas treaty kosoko crane campbell 28 september 1854||treaty of epe was a treaty between great britain (represented by benjamin campbell, consul in lagos and thomas miller commander of hms crane) and kosoko on september 28, 1854.
forest savanna montane grassland secondary forest habitat natural||its natural habitats are lowland secondary forests and savanna, and montane forests and grasslands.
accord portion definition region southern south one east northamptonshire leicestershire rutland together midlands portion northern east england north buckinghamshire borough south keynes region england portion east region western bedfordshire milton||according to one definition, it is the southern portion of the east midlands region (northamptonshire, south leicestershire and rutland) together with the northern portion of the south east england region (north buckinghamshire and the borough of milton keynes) and the western portion of the east of england region (bedfordshire).
west feature egede flood low||to the west is the low, flooded feature egede.
yacht biscayne club yacht locate grove coconut miami united private states bay club||the biscayne bay yacht club is a private yacht club located in coconut grove, miami (united states).
pneu franklin biography cite continued existence||franklin's biography cites the pneu's continued existence to her.
end partnership 2003||the partnership ended in 2003.
k1 one found group roy ramirez originally music chicago illinois brother base texas alex now christi corpus||one (k1) is a music group founded by brothers alex and roy ramirez, who are originally from chicago, illinois and are now based in corpus christi, texas.
boston accord study professionally fee reach time high consulting manage 2012 62.4 trillion asset lined remain 2007 since flat group||according to a boston consulting group study, the assets managed professionally for fees reached an all-time high of us$62.4 trillion in 2012, after remaining flat-lined since 2007.
as revenue large while block circle large small generally tehsil revenue||while revenue blocks may be as large as or larger than a tehsil, revenue circles are generally smaller.
audition comprise six voice part soprano choir require alto 2s 2s singe bass tenor four six 1s harmony 1s part five three||the choir does not require auditions and comprises six voice parts (soprano 1s and 2s, alto 1s and 2s, basses and tenors), singing in three, four, five and six part harmonies.
alain may bear 7 roy french 1951 bobsledder||alain roy (born 7 may 1951) is a french bobsledder.
however use informally pende continue detailed group more study classification relationship least||however, some have continued to use the group in their classifications, at least informally, pending more detailed study of their relationships.
work commercial year previously five one cabinet year office 1999 barrister mckinsey secondment||previously he had worked for five years as a commercial barrister and for one year on secondment from mckinsey to the cabinet office from 1999.
rue frank la guatemalan labor human 1952 right serve law rapporteur un protection bear special expert promotion opinion august right freedom 2014 expression 2008 august||frank la rue (born 1952) is a guatemalan labor and human rights law expert and served as un special rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression, from august 2008 to august 2014.
site list national include below table register county places historic jersey new bergen ridgewood saddle river lakes franklin list link closter wyckoff except other separately provide below list||the table below includes sites listed on the national register of historic places in bergen county, new jersey except those in closter, franklin lakes, ridgewood, saddle river and wyckoff, which are listed separately (links to these other lists are provided below).
other while viah know vaih section village constitute locally know viah outsider||while the other section is known as viah vaih (village constituting the outsiders locally known as 'viah').
approximately 750 student college be enrol currently||there are approximately 750 students currently enrolled at the college.
also yoga kundalini raja text verse include tantra||the text also includes verses on raja yoga, and kundalini tantra.
level reach start reaction heal peak after||after the reaction has reached its peak level, it starts to heal.
- fellow non resident wissenschaftskolleg zu permanent berlin||he is a non-resident permanent fellow of wissenschaftskolleg zu berlin.
genus gymnoascoideus family fungus gymnoascaceae||gymnoascoideus is a genus of fungi within the gymnoascaceae family.
no rusty . 27 wallace max racing blue pontiac win championship||rusty wallace of the no. 27 pontiac for blue max racing won the championship.
district name cathail leath irish anciently||anciently it was the name of the irish district of leath cathail.
first ireland grand sorensen slam main player event represent draw match win era open||sorensen was the first player representing ireland to win a grand slam event main draw match in the open era.
hold massachusetts 6 commonwealth election 1962 massachusetts general november||a massachusetts general election was held on november 6, 1962 in the commonwealth of massachusetts.
metro consist 13 two terminal route bus brownsville||brownsville metro consists of 13 bus routes and two terminals.
intelligence involvement german include war u.s. example ii world japanese criminal war||examples include u.s. intelligence involvement with german and japanese war criminals after world war ii.
election most three recent independent democrats form six progressives unity government historic follow national||following the most recent election, the progressives, three of the six independents and the democrats formed a historic national unity government.
people feel way depressed encounter simultaneously do overexcite well other perform walk yoga strength focus technique symptom||people who encounter both symptoms simultaneously, feeling depressed in some ways and overexcited in others, may do best by walking or performing yoga techniques that are focused on strength.
entity natural body trustee person business public||a trustee can be a natural person, a business entity or a public body.
species compsibidion muricatum family cerambycidae beetle||compsibidion muricatum is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
same photo base punk band francisco use san ep dog call society||the same photo was used by another san francisco-based punk band called society dog for their ep ...
field genetic spectrum autism recognize researcher disorder special instability internationally focus genomic||she is internationally recognized researcher in the field of genetics of autism spectrum disorder with special focus on genomic instability.
least partially thereof austria river list tributary locate||this is a list of rivers (or tributaries thereof) at least partially located in austria.
kenya kivumbu settlement province eastern||kivumbu is a settlement in kenya's eastern province.
oklahoma tiger induct fame women 2001 hall||tiger was inducted into the oklahoma women's hall of fame in 2001.
bear craig 26 scottish footballer midfielder cambuslang molloy april scottish 1986 play west rangers association region junior football||craig molloy (born 26 april 1986) is a scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for cambuslang rangers, in the scottish junior football association, west region.
one basketball player 1979 appear professional several saved fish money pittsburgh film||money was one of several professional basketball players to appear in the 1979 film the fish that saved pittsburgh.
seven disciple christ enter jerusalem acclaim depict inhabitant||it depicts christ and seven disciples entering jerusalem to the acclaim of its inhabitants.
loss other vocal tone affect word voice elasticity aging quality fold||in other words, it is the loss of vocal fold tone and elasticity due to aging which affects voice quality.
radiohead cover no digital also surprise release track bonus||a cover of "no surprises" by radiohead was also released as a digital bonus track.
award win greive more sell worldwide work multiple copy 25 million||greive's work has won multiple awards worldwide and has sold more than 25 million copies.
technology education field internationally expert recognize||yes, and an internationally recognized expert in the field of technology education.
one science earth 2 show writer creator fiction||he was one of the creators and writers of the science fiction show earth 2.
route state sr 161 county state 161 nevada highway clark||state route 161 (sr 161) is a state highway in clark county, nevada.
chrysis species buprestidae belong beetle family sternocera||sternocera chrysis is a species of beetles belonging to the buprestidae family.
bristol university 2010 retire||she retired from the university of bristol in 2010.
4 1971 hammersmith london simone bear former october know actress role caroline uk hyams school well bbc drama hill grange 1991 calley 1985 donnington||simone hyams (born 4 october 1971 in hammersmith, london, uk) is a former actress, best known for her role as caroline "calley" donnington in the bbc school drama, grange hill, from 1985 to 1991.
remnant town today nearby still virginia city see||remnants of the town can still be seen today along with nearby virginia city.
adherent eastern refer orthodoxy uzbekistan community orthodox uzbekistan eastern religious christianity||eastern orthodoxy in uzbekistan refers to adherents and religious communities of eastern orthodox christianity in uzbekistan.
climate hot liter require 16 work day||for those who work in a hot climate, up to 16 liters a day may be required.
1996 27 commission january||she was commissioned 27 january 1996.
franz 1893 world ferdinand home tour visit||the home was visited by franz ferdinand in 1893 during his world tour.
producer parkes walter laurie steven executive gerald r. spielberg molen macdonald||its executive producers were steven spielberg, walter parkes, laurie macdonald and gerald r. molen.
house children hetty book jewish verolme base children house belsen writer||the children's house is based on the book by jewish writer hetty verolme, the children's house of belsen.
still many present time feature canal survive old||many features of the old canal still survive to the present time.
terrain meter square measure 140,000||the terrain measures 140,000 square meters.
late montillie hippolyte 20th early century french 19th sculptor deaf||hippolyte montillie was a late 19th and early 20th century deaf french sculptor.
march tour start night first angeles 1 house ca blues five los||the tour started march 1, with the first of five nights in los angeles, ca at the house of blues.
lead silje organization lundberg||the organization is led by silje lundberg.
employ 2012 school teacher yield 43 teacher student 18:1 ratio||in 2012, the school employed 43 teachers, yielding a student-teacher ratio of 18:1.
onwards 2002 start major competition win demoscene eventually assembly participate asd iconoclast competition 2005 demo||from 2002 onwards, asd started participating in major demoscene competitions, eventually winning the assembly 2005 demo competition with iconoclast.
famous kicking bottle pie hare have village scramble take ritual easter place monday usually||the village has a famous bottle kicking ritual and "hare pie scramble", which take place usually on easter monday.
book print come edition blue online||the blue book comes in both print and online editions.
also oubi ubi language speak know asiatic central chad afro||ubi (also known as oubi) is an afro-asiatic language spoken in central chad.
liberal edwards death george mp trigger||this was triggered by the death of liberal mp george edwards.
average grade gpa point 0 20 point venezuela range high possible grade 20||the grade point average (gpa) in venezuela ranges from 0 to 20 points, with 20 being the highest possible grade.
include other committee assignment appropriations small foreign business judiciary relations entrepreneurship||his other committee assignments include appropriations, foreign relations, judiciary, and small business and entrepreneurship.
species cerambycidae beetle family tschitscherini dorcadion||dorcadion tschitscherini is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
minnie immediately lighthouse return foot insist mother so that young five baby nurse unweaned||minnie insisted on immediately returning on foot to the lighthouse so that the mother of five could nurse her youngest unweaned baby.
massachusetts nantucket husband walters live charles||she lives in nantucket, massachusetts, with her husband, charles walters.
equestrian become generic as trigarium ground word training evidence inscription||trigarium became a generic word for an equestrian training ground, as evidenced by inscriptions.
find north include oregon california america||it is found in north america, including oregon and california.
well elvis kill novel stark hemingway know raving||he is best known for his novels stark raving elvis and i killed hemingway.
chanvar single 96,000 plot land encompass cultivable house field bhigas||chanvar fields encompass single plot of 96,000 bhigas of cultivable land without any houses on it.
episode maxine diagnose fourth breast fourth season cancer||during the fourth episode of the fourth season, maxine is diagnosed with breast cancer.
fulva lancewood acacia acacia species colloquially northern queensland know native territory||acacia fulva, known colloquially as lancewood, is a species of acacia native to queensland and the northern territory.
leon gros include editor shulman stern jacob abraham||editors included jacob gros, leon stern and abraham shulman.
sabha constituency rasipuram elect anna dravida india candidate kazhagam election munnetra 1998 1999 lok||she was elected to the lok sabha from rasipuram constituency as an all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam candidate in 1998, and 1999 elections.
vocalist band form daniel compose bassist mullins davies 2004 hargreaves guitarist rich brad drummer||formed in 2004, the band was composed of vocalist and guitarist daniel davies, bassist rich mullins and drummer brad hargreaves.
vitality attribute assign character health role object entity game video continue such play function game indicate ability||health or vitality is an attribute assigned to entities such as characters or objects within role-playing games and video games, that indicates their continued ability to function.
county nora rear campile hannah johnston malone breed wexford||he was bred by nora johnston in campile, county wexford, and reared by hannah malone.
persistence opportunity promote message shy never call response effective gender equality politic woman one representation||her response has been one of persistence, never shying from opportunities to promote her message of gender equality and calling for effective representation of women in politics.
time county debut english spend make loan port league scunthorpe football peterborough vale united notts leave permanently united huddersfield birmingham 2010 town||he spent time on loan at notts county, with whom he made his debut in the english football league, port vale, scunthorpe united and peterborough united before leaving birmingham permanently for huddersfield town in 2010.
place 11,709 2000 population township census||the 2000 census placed the township population at 11,709.
association july colonial elon move 2014 athletic 1||elon moved to the colonial athletic association on july 1, 2014.
perform originally knapp numerous have amateur terence hawaii production play since professional time||the play was originally performed in hawaii in by terence knapp and has had numerous professional and amateur productions since that time.
choose car player fictitious 2 farco 2.0 cup race rally r4 6 stage andula||players can choose between 2 fictitious rally cars, "farco r4 cup" or "andula 2.0", and race through 6 stages.
christian album fourth studio hip hop artist lecrae rehab||rehab is the fourth studio album by christian hip hop artist lecrae.
school color white green team forest panthers athletic black know||the school colors are forest green, white, and black and athletic teams are known as the panthers.
practitioner agriculturist medicine homeopathic profession||he is homeopathic medicine practitioner and agriculturist by profession.
j. assembly member district 144th michael norris assembly new york state||michael j. norris is the assembly member for the 144th district of the new york state assembly.
play wales woman new cricket 1985 1980 south play one team day callaghan woman australia national cricket one team international||callaghan played for new south wales women's cricket team between 1980 and 1985, and played one one day international for the australia national women's cricket team.
wimal dr wickremasinghe govinnage padmasiri 25 1942 januray 2009 lankan sri politician economist november||dr govinnage wimal padmasiri wickremasinghe (25 november 1942 - januray 2009) was a sri lankan politician and economist.
district sri ratnapura electoral electoral district lanka 1947 august 1989 february||ratnapura electoral district was an electoral district of sri lanka between august 1947 and february 1989.
belong subfamily family genus tortricidae tokuana moth olethreutinae||tokuana is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily olethreutinae of the family tortricidae.
gray dull yellow leg cap wattle black brown base beak triangular||they are dull gray brown with a black cap, yellow legs and a triangular wattle at the base of the beak.
4 serve most year election while elect new island vermont 2 hampshire rhode year serve term term||most elected in these elections would serve for a 4-year term, while those in new hampshire, rhode island, and vermont would serve for a 2-year term.
travel yard james river cohasset strathmore carysbrook palmyra gordonsville troy charlottesville train||the train traveled from strathmore yard on the james river, to cohasset, carysbrook, palmyra, troy and on to gordonsville or charlottesville.
austin kevin 1973 12 february levi trinidadian bear professional former english bear team footballer coach youth scunthorpe now work united||kevin levi austin (born 12 february 1973) is an english born trinidadian former professional footballer who now works as a youth team coach for scunthorpe united.
variable bacteria gram species cellulolyticus acidothermus||acidothermus cellulolyticus is a species of gram-variable bacteria.
despite be that stereotype medium popular singular fact accent distinct several be native u.s. new new state jersey accent confine jersey only none jersey new||despite popular stereotypes in the media that there is a singular new jersey accent, there are in fact several distinct accents native to the u.s. state of new jersey, none being confined only to new jersey.
training custom design camp specific need campaign organization education base popular activist technique allow action use participant possess already knowledge discover direct||the organization designs custom trainings and camps based on the specific needs and campaigns of the activists, and uses popular education techniques to allow participants to discover the direct action knowledge they already possess.
name include common shrimp common shrimp shrimp while sand french translation name bay crevette shrimp grise garnaal dutch lead english grijze equivalent version sometimes gray shrimp brown||its common names include brown shrimp, common shrimp, bay shrimp, and sand shrimp, while translation of its french name crevette grise (or its dutch equivalent grijze garnaal) sometimes leads to the english version gray shrimp.
syndrome rett genetic mutation mecp2 gene due||rett syndrome is due to a genetic mutation of the mecp2 gene.
sentence sentence life concurrently consecutively specify that serve||the sentence may specify that the life sentences are to be served concurrently or consecutively.
us commission navy 6 devastator receive 1990 october||devastator received her commission in the us navy on 6 october 1990.
insider comcast station sportsnet tv nbc senior bay area bay website now area write sports||he has been a senior insider for the tv station comcast sportsnet bay area (now nbc sports bay area) and writes for their website.
eventually song song largely know one good due compilation morrissey save become songs inclusion life||this song would eventually become one of their best known songs, largely due to its inclusion on morrissey's compilation songs to save your life.
august 1989 fourth final album single release 1988 touch second aria peak number studio 44 chart single||it was released in august 1989 as the fourth and final single from their second studio album touch (1988) and peaked at number 44 on the aria singles chart.
france first gold henri two olympics also medal win oreiller combine bronze medal win slalom win||henri oreiller of france won the first of his two gold medals at these olympics; he also won the combined and won a bronze medal in slalom.
video clip lennon single other as footage video promo most lennon video posthumous make||the promo video for the single was made up of clips of footage from lennon's other videos, as are most posthumous lennon videos.
11 scottish judoka renick 1988 bellshill february||renicks (11 february 1988, bellshill) is a scottish judoka.
global million market generate 2015 esports make 493 325 expect esports million global 2015 2016 revenue 226 million audience people||the global esports market generated us$325 million of revenue in 2015 and was expected to make $493 million in 2016; the global esports audience in 2015 was 226 million people.
1952 bear artist ashcroft morrison linda jim writer lover confidante 1971 claim 1967||linda ashcroft (born 1952) is a writer and an artist who claims to have been jim morrison's lover and confidante from 1967 to 1971.
administer marketing incorporated entity responsible longstanding life cotton campaign research fabric board||the board administers cotton incorporated, its research and marketing entity, which is responsible for the longstanding "the fabric of our lives" campaign.
elect mayor municipal deputy corporation india deputy nagpur mayor serve when 36 age municipal 1995 corporation nagpur 1996||he was the deputy mayor elected in nagpur municipal corporation india, when he served as the deputy mayor of nagpur municipal corporation at the age of 36, in 1995-1996.
name westmorland county refer historic||its name refers to the historic county of westmorland.
principle one primary directly conveniently passenger take where transit base council go 2000 november report want recommendation immediately implement many approve||the report, based on one primary principle: transit should directly and conveniently take passengers where they want to go, was approved by council in november 2000, and many of the recommendations were immediately implemented.
cricketer hashim national amla africa represent cricket south team||hashim amla is a cricketer who represents the south africa national cricket team.
use inspiration system processing news station quantel enps transmission production system processing software electronic newsroom news||the station uses the quantel inspiration system for processing and transmission with the news processing software enps (electronic news production system) in the newsroom.
release 2010 june||released in june 2010 by !
title hold great 2015 fourth baronet succeed year grandson father||as of 2015 the title is held by his great-grandson, the fourth baronet, who succeeded his father in that year.
1537 baron hussey sleaford execute||baron hussey of sleaford, who was executed in 1537.
international scientist represent develop major programmer asia standard europe north facility facilitate america cooperation great scientific australia order visualization x muon neutron analysis datum - ray||it is being developed as an international standard by scientists and programmers representing major scientific facilities in europe, asia, australia, and north america in order to facilitate greater cooperation in the analysis and visualization of neutron, x-ray, and muon data.
list automobile old list erroneously kentucky company period electric kentucky wagon||erroneously, some lists of old automobiles list the kentucky electric from the kentucky wagon company in this period.
vause first piper conflict alex season chapman||she conflicts with alex vause and piper chapman throughout the first season.
notable family function most latent virus enter one ability dormant period animal lie time phase extended||one of the most notable functions of this virus family is their ability to enter a latent phase and lay dormant within animals for extended periods of time.
argentina find bolivia brazil french ecuador suriname guyana colombia guiana peru paraguay venezuela||it is found in argentina, bolivia, brazil, colombia, ecuador, french guiana, guyana, paraguay, suriname, peru and venezuela.
public grieve when government narayana director instruction madras nagaruru chairman abul municipalitymoulana rao school bellary maka school azad high high municipal kalam fortthe municipal muslim 1950 high bifurcate high locate school later fort moulana school abul kalam school high rename azad area||grieve, director of public instruction, government of madras when nagaruru narayana rao was the chairman of the bellary municipalitymoulana abul kalam azad high school (maka high school) in fortthe municipal high school was bifurcated in the 1950s and the municipal muslim high school located in the fort area was later renamed moulana abul kalam azad high school.
several main part post scott fort fort block south||the fort was several blocks south of the main part of the post of fort scott.
bernard may bear 1956 albert equestrian hilversum 23 dutch medalist voorn olympic||albert bernard voorn (born 23 may 1956, in hilversum) is a dutch equestrian and olympic medalist.
water free whomever catch swim get player playing opposite side area gator||the free players get out of the water and the gator and whomever he caught swim to the opposite side of the playing area.
own bathurst maintain manage regional airport council||the airport is owned, managed and maintained by the bathurst regional council.
1842 hamburg originally open germany station district rothenburgsort locate||the station was originally opened in 1842 and is located in the hamburg district of rothenburgsort, germany.
fruition owe grand film however come national 1939 never bankruptcy||however, the film never came to fruition, owing to grand national's bankruptcy in 1939.
american part team win medal gold where world championships play 2015 driver position aquatics||she was part of the american team winning the gold medal at the 2015 world aquatics championships, where she played in the driver position.
sometimes see important aquarium food trade fish||it is an important food fish and sometimes seen in the aquarium trade.
bear fly queensland win brisbane rugby international evans cap half new sydney australia zealand first august three 1903 15||evans, a fly-half, was born in brisbane, queensland, and won three international rugby caps for australia, his first against new zealand, at sydney, on 15 august 1903.
kalahari long kmp project term study evolutionary meerkat research project cause ecological cooperative consequence meerkat behavior focus||the kalahari meerkat project, or kmp, is a long term research project focused on studying the evolutionary causes and ecological consequences of cooperative behaviors in meerkats.
borough butler county chicora united states pennsylvania||chicora is a borough in butler county, pennsylvania, united states.
carr victory primary ted senator november democratic lieu election put state general||carr's primary victory put him up against democratic state senator ted lieu in the november general election.
specific epithet latin nerve densinervia leaf mean venation dense refer||the specific epithet densinervia is from the latin meaning "dense nerves", referring to the leaf venation.
use tt system perl framework templating various include cgi::application catalyst maypole framework mvc framework application||tt is used as a templating system for various perl application frameworks, including the catalyst mvc framework, cgi::application and the maypole framework.
dick florian november german 9 defender football play 1984 1 bear||florian dick (born 9 november 1984) is a german football defender who plays for 1.
website compromise serious range defacement impact datum sensitive||the impact of this can range from website defacement to serious compromise of sensitive data.
family mangiferae hypatima moth gelechiidae||hypatima mangiferae is a moth in the gelechiidae family.
gater general brigadier c general george g succeed brigade 1917 brigadier rawling november commander||brigadier-general george gater succeeded brigadier-general c g rawling as commander of the brigade in november 1917.
september montana 2003 consecrate helena 27||he was consecrated on september 27, 2003 in helena, montana.
list central episode article comedy presents||this article is a list of comedy central presents episodes.
karl montevirgen bear august american specialize 10 experimental guitar 1969 improvisational work composer||karl montevirgen (born august 10, 1969) is an american composer who specializes in improvisational, experimental guitar work.
ride texas owner open 2002 park operate purchase previous 2006||purchased from a previous owner in texas, the ride opened at the park in 2002, operating until 2006.
few more focus past view decade political nuanced lead economic modern famine emerge circumstance||in the past few decades, a more nuanced view focused on the economic and political circumstances leading to modern famine has emerged.
world wiki first include public allow new wording act contribute process use policing||the process included the world's first use of a wiki to allow the public to contribute wording for the new policing act.
include dear me credit broadway advocate fall 1963 last 1963 sky 1964 1967 analysis glass booth spofford man prisoner horseback avenue 1970 golda 1971 1977 1968 beggar second 1980 1978 1981 lolita allen clock light bulb woody cafe american tribute 1989.hughe 1981 floating movie include credit home come crown 1978 role bad fame grandma 1995 1985 medicine juan don demarco bathtub fish film 1999 demarco 1980||her broadway credits included dear me, the sky is falling in 1963, the advocate in 1963, the last analysis in 1964, spofford in 1967, the man in the glass booth in 1968, beggar on horseback in 1970, the prisoner of second avenue in 1971, golda in 1977, tribute in 1978, the american clock in 1980, lolita in 1981, woody allen's the floating light bulb in 1981, and cafe crown in 1989.hughes' movie credits included roles in coming home in 1978, fame in 1980, bad medicine in 1985, grandma demarco in the 1995 film, don juan demarco, and a fish in the bathtub in 1999.
occasional have 2002 then since appearance espn network||he has been at espn since 2002, but had occasional appearances on the network before then.
career player even still mode thus take cash increase complete part balance event||even after completing the career mode, the player can still take part in any of the events, thus increasing his cash balance.
include slave pre-1838 log quarter tenant carriage house barn house property smokehouse glass octagon greenhouse||the property includes a pre-1838 log slave quarters, tenant house, carriage house, smokehouse, barn, and an octagon glass greenhouse.
hypothetical mean nature have adjective immediate consequence refer meaning hypothesis term assume hypothesis exist hypothesis||the adjective hypothetical, meaning "having the nature of a hypothesis", or "being assumed to exist as an immediate consequence of a hypothesis", can refer to any of these meanings of the term "hypothesis".
review editor muslim religions magazine herald english 2||he was editor of 2 english magazines, the review of religions and the muslim herald.
1828 since england season marylebone club 42nd foundation cricket cricket laws mcc compromise modification roundarm issue effect attempt cricket||1828 was the 42nd season of cricket in england since the foundation of marylebone cricket club (mcc) who effected a modification of the laws of cricket in an attempted compromise re the roundarm issue.
graduate holland take mormon summer byu seminar history bushman richard while student||while he was a graduate student holland took a summer seminar in mormon history at byu with richard bushman.
twenty number peak three belgium flanders song||the song peaked at number twenty-three in belgium (flanders).
force principle drive pleasure specifically guide d. i||specifically, the pleasure principle is the driving force guiding the id.
natural moist tropical habitat subtropical intermittent river lowland river forest marshe marsh freshwater heavily intermittent garden degraded freshwater forest rural former||its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
other include hungama follow film work bhagam hera phir chup hulchul pheri dhoom bhag billo chup bhulaiyaa ke barber bhool||his other works include the film hungama followed by hulchul, dhoom, bhagam bhag, phir hera pheri, chup chup ke, bhool bhulaiyaa, and billo barber.
community bishop george wilkinson truro founder||the founder of the community was george wilkinson, bishop of truro.
accuse 12 al kuwaitis taliban us associate member qaeda||the us had accused the 12 kuwaitis of being associated with or were members of al-qaeda or the taliban.
h. major 1955 1874 general william states army serve tschappat chief officer career ordnance united corps ordnance u.s. army 14th||major general william h. tschappat (1874 - 1955) was a career officer in the united states army and served as the 14th chief of ordnance for the u.s. army ordnance corps.
produce various track distribute also beat brimble magazine cover cu amiga format include disk amiga audio||he also produced various audio tracks, as "brimble's beats", that were distributed on cover disks of magazines including cu amiga and amiga format.
set album band friendly create potential single hit radio world somewhere release album single||for the album, the band set out to create an album of radio-friendly, potential hit singles which would be released as singles somewhere across the world.
convert radio espn format 2009 wnxx december||in december 2009, wnxx converted to the espn radio format.
hill u.s. 13 voshells locate star route road mill intersection road hill star mill voshells camden south||star hill is located at the intersection of u.s. route 13 and voshells mill road/voshells mill star hill road south of camden.
american sonja otis currently lawyer west r. amendment law university brumby georgia first distinguished professor||sonja r. west is an american lawyer currently the otis brumby distinguished professor in first amendment law at university of georgia.
measure course blue usga yard course 7,049 have 135 rating 73.8 blue tee tee slope||the course measures 7,049 yards from the blue tees and has a usga course and slope ratings of 73.8 and 135 from the blue tees.
chiefly company also jamaica barbados wibisco operate also||the company also operates in barbados, chiefly as wibisco and also in jamaica.
states such western united europe region canada develop new australia unmarried adolescent teen parent pregnancy see tend issue social zealand||in developed regions, such as united states, canada, western europe, australia, and new zealand, teen parents tend to be unmarried and adolescent pregnancy is seen as a social issue.
3.95 take % dutch market total sale % european market software sale 4.19 entire||the dutch market takes up 3.95% of the entire european market in total sales and 4.19% in software sales.
nkx2c nkx homeodomain member contain implicate factor many type family maintenance aspect cell tissue differentiate specification transcription function||nkx2c is a member of the nkx family of homeodomain-containing transcription factors, which are implicated in many aspects of cell type specification and maintenance of differentiated tissue functions.
capitol 21 release records 1995 may reissue records 2007 label 8 november caroline||it was released on november 21, 1995 through capitol records and was reissued on may 8, 2007, under the caroline records label.
district district madhya mandla president pradesh panchayat||she was president of district panchayat in mandla district, madhya pradesh.
version create oath first current oath version since 1938 1954 use||the first version of the oath was created in 1938, and the current version of the oath has been in use since 1954.
dinocephalian genus therapsid extinct phreatosuchus basal||phreatosuchus is an extinct genus of basal dinocephalian therapsids.
pollinator insect protect||insect pollinators should be protected.
group brother fm compose noise alex keyboard vocals austin drums guitar ward vocals musical||the noise fm is a musical group composed of brothers alex (vocals, keyboard, guitar) and austin ward (drums, vocals).
good hip gracious hop first phazes producer m australian album||good gracious is the first album by australian hip hop producer m-phazes.
deadly justify only use most necessity jurisdiction extreme last force resort mean less employ fail condition reasonably when||in most jurisdictions, the use of deadly force is justified only under conditions of extreme necessity as a last resort, when all lesser means have failed or cannot reasonably be employed.
bear east preston atwell scotia hospital administrator nova 1943 provincial canadian politician yvonne||yvonne atwell (born 1943 in east preston, nova scotia) is a canadian hospital administrator and provincial politician.
roll indonesian rock form changcuters bandung 2005 band||the changcuters is an indonesian rock and roll band formed in 2005 in bandung.
first 2005 appear geographic cover story november long term life magazine dan national secret buettner||the term first appeared in the november 2005 national geographic magazine cover story "the secrets of a long life" by dan buettner.
international douglas bank alliance isle subsidiary continue base man alliance leicester until international name use merge santander uk 2013 leicester may||the bank's international subsidiary based in douglas, isle of man, alliance & leicester international, continued to use the alliance & leicester name until it was merged into santander uk in may 2013.
radar surveillance primary psr radar primary conventional illuminate portion radar wave large electromagnetic receive reflect sensor space target wave space||a primary radar (psr primary surveillance radar) is a conventional radar sensor that illuminates a large portion of space with an electromagnetic wave and receives back the reflected waves from targets within that space.
league 2009 season result super regular play detail league super xiv season result match||2009 super league season results details the regular season and play-off match results of super league xiv.
non - celebrate religious nepal number holiday religious||nepal celebrates a number of religious and non-religious holidays.
frederic accession donate 1984 g. museum pick wife||it was accessioned by the museum in 1984 after being donated by frederic g. pick, and his wife.
win result election v. panneerselvam constituency 2016||the elections of 2016 resulted in his constituency being won by v. panneerselvam.
1st disband war division 2nd battalion remain||it was disbanded during the war, with the 1st and 2nd battalions remaining in the division.
found ad complete domitian r. 81 117 98 ad train trajan gladiator r. dacian prisoner draw take wars use 96 emperor dacian||it was founded by domitian (r. 81 - 96 ad), completed by trajan (r. 98 - 117 ad), and was used to train gladiators drawn from among the dacian prisoners taken by both emperors in their dacian wars.
2005 however include ethnologue foley 2009 show ramu independent family arafundi||however, foley (2005) does not include arafundi within ramu, and ethnologue (2009) shows them as an independent family.
music also have video song||the song also has a music video.
work tsmc logic subcontractor signal mixed vis manufacturing primarily development production dram other product focus memory ic||vis was working as a subcontractor for tsmc for the manufacturing of logic and mixed signal products, primarily focusing on the production and development of dram and other memory ic.
1059 thereafter primary brief ruler abdication period except||thereafter he was the primary ruler until his abdication in 1059 (except for a brief period).
black curse idea that skin officially 2013 contradict||the idea that black skin was a curse was not officially contradicted until 2013.
series major simply autumn know 1991 1980 cup follow sponsorship sponsorship rename benson benson hedges deal cup b&h hedges 1982 cup until association 2001 discontinue end autumn cup before||following a series of major sponsorships during the 1980s it became known as simply the autumn cup in 1991 before a sponsorship deal with benson & hedges renamed it the benson & hedges cup (b&h cup) in 1982 until their association ended in 2001 and the autumn cup discontinued.
two republican party party oklahoma oklahoma major one politic||along with the oklahoma republican party, it is one of the two major parties in oklahoma politics.
monrovia resident||he was a resident of monrovia.
provide guide opera composer majority as presence determine significant opera list list compile composer||this list provides a guide to opera composers, as determined by their presence on a majority of compiled lists of significant opera composers.
victorian announce government that 2011 application 1 2012 college 30 operate approve university august begin january||the victorian government announced on 30 august 2011 that the application had been approved and on 1 january 2012 the college began operating as a university.
ganzen ikon wilde collect third airtime world project money||in ikon's airtime, the wilde ganzen collected money for projects in the third world.
release studio in previous differ that song consist previous live mostly cover compose song other while original hit artist album||it differed from all their previous live and studio releases in that it consisted of original songs, while previous albums were composed mostly of covers of hit songs by other artists.
fifth death circa baronet extinct become 1790 title||the title became extinct on the death of the fifth baronet in circa 1790.
newly one league team five coach form baylis zachary||one of five teams in the newly formed league, they are coached by zachary baylis.
large list shrub common find tree compile canada many||this list compiles many of the common large shrubs and trees found in canada.
common name cowry pallida sea species pale erronea mollusk snail gastropod cowry family marine cowrie cypraeidae||erronea pallida, common name pale cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family cypraeidae, the cowries.
harimau muda harimau 2015 muda a combine u-22 b single exception back harimau muda still fam league c play reinstate team||harimau muda was reinstated in 2015 by combining harimau muda a and b back into a single u-22 team with the exception of harimau muda c which still plays in fam league.
kalutara replace matugama multi electoral - member district 1989 district pr general first election continue polling matugama multi - system electoral though electoral district division member||matugama electoral district was replaced by the kalutara multi-member electoral district at the 1989 general elections, the first under the pr system, though matugama continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district.
use gas manufacture also coke water||coke is also used to manufacture water gas.
bear dominique 1944 belgian marchal bear pilot buddhist mountaineer g. age become author 63 nun||dominique g. marchal (born 1944) is a belgian-born author, pilot and mountaineer who became a buddhist nun at the age of 63.
1963 baba feature language ramdev film rajasthani devotional nawal direct manibhai mathur base deity folk ramdev vyas life pir hindu||baba ramdev is a 1963 rajasthani language devotional feature film directed by nawal mathur and manibhai vyas, and based on the life of the hindu folk deity ramdev pir.
rees 5 april robert welsh june musician 1841 tenor 1892 5||robert rees (5 april 1841 - 5 june 1892) was a welsh tenor and musician.
list register historic places many register historic manhattan places national building||many of his buildings are listed on the manhattan register of historic places and the national register of historic places.
session recording track take fyulaba 1996 album band||its tracks were taken from the 1996 recording sessions for the band's fyulaba album.
passenger except station close excursion 1953||the station was closed to passengers (except for excursions) in 1953.
play state football college lutman university pittsburg||lutman played college football at pittsburg state university.
h1 para cycling classification||h1 is a para-cycling classification.
entry border calexico port east crossing point united states mexico||the calexico east port of entry is a border crossing point between the united states and mexico.
once venue have visit then top 1,000 dj donovan attendance defunct boy smith now event ultim-8 september promotion bad 1992 25||the venue once had over 1,000 in attendance for the visit of then top dj donovan bad boy smith to now defunct event promotion ultim-8 on 25 september 1992.
top tour dubai european 48th finish well 60 race||he was well inside the top 60 of the european tour race to dubai finishing 48th.
citytv canadian feature award edmonton best win film name festival film ten canada international film 2009 international festival top film toronto||the film won the citytv award for best canadian feature at the edmonton international film festival and was named to "canada's top ten" films of 2009 by the toronto international film festival.
epithelium lacrimal gland pituitary cornea anterior lens eye conjunctiva tarsal ectodermal induce apical gland ridge development bud embryo limb||epithelium of anterior pituitary lens, cornea, lacrimal gland, tarsal glands and the conjunctiva of the eye apical ectodermal ridge inducing development of the limb buds of the embryo.
frigate italian navy alpino operate cold war||alpino was a frigate operated by the italian navy during the cold war.
biology exchange molecular molecular international public imex major provider interaction group datum collaborate molecular supply user single redundant molecular set non interaction - consortium detailed curation use make capture psi format mi standard available model||in molecular biology the international molecular exchange consortium (imex) is a group of the major public providers of molecular interaction data which collaborate to supply the user with a single, non-redundant set of molecular interactions, captured using a detailed curation model and made available in the psi-mi standard formats.
mccollum york sanborn new grow new bear york amherst||mccollum was born in amherst, new york, but grew up in sanborn, new york.
llanelly baronetcy county baronetage stepney cowell carmarthen kingdom title united||the cowell-stepney baronetcy, of llanelly in the county of carmarthen, was a title in the baronetage of the united kingdom.
win howard award red art earth 1995 native american first city oklahoma cultural festival||howard won her first art award at the 1995 red earth native american cultural festival in oklahoma city.
kabras kakamega division malava isukha neighbour tsotso reside tachoni banyala district||they reside in malava that is in the kabras division of kakamega district, which is neighboured by the isukha, banyala, tsotso, and the tachoni.
main activity one geese canada states nearby united such other island arctic wrangel russia collar area||one of its main activities is to collar geese in canada, the united states, and other nearby arctic areas, such as wrangel island of russia.
wear maroon team distinctive beret||the team wears the distinctive maroon beret.
rhyme aabccb scheme||the rhyme-scheme is aabccb.
cranial join nerve vii facial where nerve nerve exit canal skull level facial petrotympanic facial fissure||it joins the facial nerve (cranial nerve vii) inside the facial canal, at the level where the facial nerve exits the skull via the petrotympanic fissure.
first gap mountains watchung get name||it gets its name from a gap in the first of the watchung mountains.
give uploading access child satellite spacecraft download produce camera earth use datum image||children would have been given access to the satellite; uploading and downloading data and using a camera aboard the spacecraft to produce images of the earth.
suggest specimen represent that undescribe different pastaza however specie possibly||however, it is suggested that specimens from pastaza represent a different, possibly undescribed species.
soldati 10 1974 diver kimiko bear american april||kimiko soldati (born april 10, 1974) is an american diver.
2013 february john appoint president ghanaian general december mahama election 2012||she was appointed in february 2013 by president john mahama after the ghanaian general election in december 2012.
sesame create single market market fraggle later adapt intend street rock international show construct international mind production entire start||unlike sesame street, which had been created for a single market and later adapted for international markets, fraggle rock was intended from the start to be an international production and the entire show was constructed with this in mind.
kenya find tanzania zimbabwe malawi||it is found in kenya, malawi, tanzania, and zimbabwe.
start kansas 11 tcu upset poll season shoot||kansas started the season with an upset over #11 tcu, shooting them up the polls.
because fison neighboring residential property oblige buy legislation housing||because of this legislation, fisons were obliged to buy out the neighboring properties with residential housing.
hungarian produce pascal gabriel||it was produced by the hungarian gabriel pascal.
year member sid later form glover together basement several heaven||a year later several of the members, together with sid glover, formed heaven's basement.
school area district school valley locate small rural portion somerset turkeyfoot pennsylvania district southwestern county||the turkeyfoot valley area school district is a small, rural school district located in the southwestern portion of somerset county, pennsylvania.
matthew verse second second gospel chapter testament matthew new 2:22 twenty||matthew 2:22 is the twenty-second verse of the second chapter of the gospel of matthew in the new testament.
former huon australian ran navy hmas hobart base royal tasmania 1994 australia operation locate 1911||hmas huon is a former royal australian navy (ran) base located in hobart, tasmania, australia, in operation from 1911 to 1994.
c. purpurea affect most outcrosse commonly such specie host most rye triticale as common wheat barley well||c. purpurea most commonly affects outcrossing species such as rye (its most common host), as well as triticale, wheat and barley.
oyama 24 1853 december japanese politician 1934 october tsunamasa 18||tsunamasa oyama (december 24, 1853 - october 18, 1934) was a japanese politician.
species minutistriata gastropod sea family snail mollusk anacithara horaiclavidae marine||anacithara minutistriata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family horaiclavidae.
australia event major extreme weather impact form||australia is impacted by all forms of major weather events and extremes.
may 1992 31 sri guruge female lankan sharya player bear squash||sharya guruge (born 31 may 1992) is a sri lankan female squash player.
hospital adventist license washington 204 adventist healthcare acute care bed locate united states maryland takoma facility park||adventist healthcare washington adventist hospital is a 204-licensed bed acute care facility located in takoma park, maryland, united states.
also receive kennedy medal masters center center african 2005 american series choreographers honor||in 2005 she also received a kennedy center medal of honor during the center's "masters of african american choreographers" series.
usambarica family prosopocera cerambycidae species beetle||prosopocera usambarica is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
august 1999 24 release||it was released on august 24, 1999.
part commercial develop originally meat project three album spawn share potential uncle other conceptual money gravy cruising only connection ruben jets lumpy||uncle meat was originally developed as a part of no commercial potential, a project which spawned three other albums sharing a conceptual connection: we're only in it for the money, lumpy gravy and cruising with ruben & the jets.
army war australian first formation part take first general australian command plan staff australian first battle||it was the first battle of the war in which an australian army formation took part, the first to be commanded by an australian general and the first to be planned by an australian staff.
species usually invertebrate malpighian tubule genus infect||species in this genus that usually infect the malpighian tubules of invertebrates.
ihor bear anatoliyovych february ukrainian 1967 member didenko 8 8th convocation parliament member faction politician samopomich union parliamentary||ihor anatoliyovych didenko (born february 8, 1967) - is a ukrainian politician, member of parliament of the 8th convocation, member of the parliamentary faction samopomich union.
league consist studio nine album remix one one human album live discography eight extended compilation play five thirty single album||the human league discography consists of nine studio albums, one remix album, one live album, eight compilations, five extended plays and over thirty singles.
23 iranian screenwriter 1961 director film september bear hatamikia||hatamikia (born 23 september 1961) is an iranian screenwriter and film director.
send sample united research states then back develop biological target further chinese weapon use||these samples were then sent back to the united states for further research, and could be used in developing biological weapons targeting chinese.
margrave frankish friuli duke 846||he was the frankish duke (margrave) of friuli before 846.
eurovision 2007 contest finland russia helsinki participate song||russia participated in the eurovision song contest 2007 in helsinki, finland.
prosper second rapper asap album ferg american strive studio||strive and prosper is the second studio album by american rapper asap ferg.
family beetle species ropica uniformis cerambycidae||ropica uniformis is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
commissioner francis humphrys sign minister kingdom nuri united high iraq sign prime said||high commissioner francis humphrys signed for the united kingdom and prime minister nuri as-said signed for iraq.
fairley professional wing scottish half footballer william play||william fairley was a scottish professional footballer who played as a wing half.
southern rice slave family move hold texas civil war as sympathizer||as slave holding southern sympathizers, rice and his family moved to texas during the civil war.
play found game fc 1958 o'callaghan zillmere park||founded in 1958 as zillmere fc they play their games at o'callaghan park.
railway museum locate coastal john st. newfoundland museum transportation||the railway coastal museum is a transportation museum located in st. john's, newfoundland.
six member nba team championship abdul assistant player coach twice nba two vote mvp jabbar finals||a member of six nba championship teams as a player and two as an assistant coach, abdul-jabbar twice was voted nba finals mvp.
cimarron fleet class oiler elokomin uss world u.s. ii war acquire navy ao-55||uss elokomin (ao-55) was a cimarron-class fleet oiler acquired by the u.s. navy during world war ii.
2010 tamil nadu syro catholic malabar palghat separate diocese catholic diocese ramanathapuram syro malabar part||in 2010, the parts of tamil nadu under syro-malabar catholic diocese of palghat were separated to another syro-malabar catholic diocese of ramanathapuram.
play catania||he plays for catania.
amateur dr. psychologist kumar das panic nipu accord extremist lead leadership violence mob criminal compound||according to amateur criminal psychologist dr. nipu kumar das, panic compounded by extremist leadership led to mob violence.
piece first need before use assemble||the pieces needed to be assembled first, before it could be used.
family inhabit ocean sebastidae world fish marine||the family sebastidae, marine fishes that inhabit oceans around the world.
family bicolor arthroleptidae leptodactylodon frog species||leptodactylodon bicolor is a species of frog in the family arthroleptidae.
quasi febio dynamic static support - analyze||febio supports both quasi-static and dynamic analyzes.
river branch hessel||it is a branch of the river hessel.
worman play footballer midfielder two english professional league united cambridge club ben||ben worman is an english professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for league two club cambridge united.
liriodendronella family gracillariidae united phyllocnistis moth states know york pennsylvania new new kentucky maryland jersey||phyllocnistis liriodendronella is a moth of the gracillariidae family, known from the united states (new york, new jersey, maryland, pennsylvania, kentucky).
hubli significantly chapter also founding also international ford tie.he contribute recipient foundation award fellowship||he has also contributed significantly to the founding of the hubli chapter of tie.he is also a recipient of the international ford foundation fellowship award.
award optoelectronics prize rank pioneer strain work structure 2014 laser layer||in 2014 he was awarded the rank prize in optoelectronics for his pioneering work on strained-layer laser structures.
matthew army arbuckle colonel united establish fort 1824 states gibson||colonel matthew arbuckle of the united states army established fort gibson in 1824.
gutte hall 1977 1978 fire trust privately own now vivat restore since||the hall itself was gutted by a fire in 1977 or 1978, but has been since restored by the vivat trust and is now privately owned.
coursework participant while cohort deliver proceed line meet process three exclusively once orientation week time halifax trip person year second upon finally completion once field convocation||while the coursework is delivered exclusively on-line, participants proceed as cohorts and meet in person three times during the process: once for orientation week in halifax, once for a field trip in the second year and finally for convocation upon completion.
whilst like castleford tigers well fritzy strong tackling||whilst at castleford tigers 'fritzy' was well liked for his strong tackling.
thiruvananthapuram situate district municipality varkala||it is situated in the municipality of varkala in thiruvananthapuram district.
event 2000 1993 anniversary celebrate hold||the event to celebrate its anniversary was held between 1993 and 2000.
film greece order produce 1940 release notable list year||a list of notable films produced in greece before 1940 ordered by year of release.
man name love paddy kelleher fall patrick||she falls in love with a man named patrick "paddy" kelleher.
rover have disposal just second league essendon only 30 game put 11 together season appearance two first||a rover, he had 30 disposals against essendon in just his second league game but could only put together 11 appearances in his first two seasons.
cd records 1990 rhino reissue recording||in the 1990s this recording was reissued on cd through rhino records.
county 1836 1820 later organize create||the county was created in 1820 and later organized in 1836.
brother tim young also represent bear hague gruijters gruijters quick play cricket club haag netherlands||the younger brother of tim gruijters, who has also represented the netherlands, gruijters was born in the hague, and plays his club cricket for quick haag.
family species atrophaneura papilionidae butterfly luchti||atrophaneura luchti is a species of butterfly in the family papilionidae.
area shooting barrack range associate house military least mid lappeenranta 1970||the area housed a shooting range associated with the military barracks in lappeenranta, until at least the mid 1970s.
use etp exam regulatory european brazil united india states canada china congo lebanon body jordan ghana union||the etp exam is used by the regulatory bodies of all european union, brazil, india, united states, canada, china, ghana, congo, lebanon, and jordan.
write direct previously lawrence two script film hit bullock box marc congeniality nature office other forces miss||the film was written and directed by marc lawrence, who had previously scripted two other box-office hits for bullock, miss congeniality and forces of nature.
incorporate give fci ten value function 100 numerical 0 physical 100 limitation represent function everyday person scale||the fci incorporates ten physical functions and gives each a numerical value on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 representing no limitations on a person's everyday function.
odia pratibha eminent satpathy literature poet||pratibha satpathy is an eminent poet of odia literature.
operation 1922 member eastern shore league found delmarva operate city peninsula begin team||the team began operation in 1922 as a founding member of the eastern shore league, which operated out of cities on the delmarva peninsula.
derivative mediaportal device application openelec popular plex boxee tv horizon tofu such prismcube kodi initially center base spin code entertainment framework create libreelec software ecosystem new as main digital||popular derivative applications and devices such as mediaportal, plex, libreelec, openelec, tofu, boxee, horizon tv, and prismcube have all initially been spun off from the kodi entertainment center code base as their main software framework to create new digital ecosystems.
scissurella snail xandaros species sea minute mollusc family scissurellidae gastropod micromollusc marine little slit snail||scissurella xandaros is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family scissurellidae, the little slit snails.
yazidi population action refugee result isil several 500,000 kidnap approximately thousand kill||isil's actions against the yazidi population have resulted in approximately 500,000 refugees and several thousand killed and kidnapped.
year 11 start normally student complete proceed certificate vce other available victorian education education option||students starting year 11 normally proceed to complete the victorian certificate of education (vce), but other education options are available.
handy order batsman late also often bat number six sheffield high queensland cricket as shield hohns||hohns also was a handy late-order batsman, often batting as high as number six for queensland in sheffield shield cricket.
place other brunn see same disambiguation name||for other places of the same name, see brunn (disambiguation).
town maine county cornville united somerset states||cornville is a town in somerset county, maine, united states.
sm14 target||another target is sm14.
world issue war ii relation polish controversial one polish lithuanian modern still interpretation event lithuanian historian many relate lithuanian differ germany nazi polish resistance operation krajowa territory organization inhabit collaboration relate armia poles lithuanians||the issue of polish and lithuanian relations during world war ii is a controversial one, and some modern lithuanian and polish historians still differ in their interpretations of the related events, many of which are related to the lithuanian collaboration with nazi germany and the operations of polish resistance organization of armia krajowa on territories inhabited by lithuanians and poles.
2012 metalurh 13 16th metalurh premier ukrainian season season first season maksymov league donetsk manager yuriy||the metalurh donetsk 2012-13 season is metalurh's 16th ukrainian premier league season, and their first season under manager yuriy maksymov.
play home game emirates play stadium game arsenal home bridge stamford chelsea while||arsenal play their home games at the emirates stadium, while chelsea play their home games at stamford bridge.
river wairere stream wairere northland region island zealand new river north||the wairere river or wairere stream is a river of the northland region of new zealand's north island.
variant siding name hawley||a variant name was "hawley siding".
may bear vicente 10 alpine vera 1936 chilean skier||vicente vera (born 10 may 1936) is a chilean alpine skier.
population 3,259 housing 6,948 census 2010 unit contain||as of the 2010 census, its population was 6,948 and it contained 3,259 housing units.
include area colonial originally state government administer later eastern region separately function shore||originally, it included all areas not on the eastern shore and some colonial and later state government functions were administered separately for each region.
assam assembly ratabari elect constituency legislative election 2011||he has been elected in assam legislative assembly election in 2011 and from ratabari constituency.
postgresql rely microsoft server layer sql mysql datum sqlite||the data layer relies on mysql, postgresql, microsoft sql server or sqlite.
river divide churni mathabanga two majhdia nadia district ichamati||the mathabanga divides into two rivers, the ichamati and the churni near majhdia in nadia district.
soundtrack square times release lead single official song go peak album 50 record billboard top 100||the song was recorded for the official soundtrack of times square, and released as the album's lead single, going on to peak at #50 on the billboard top 100.
hall aore nagaoka city arena purpose hall multi - plaza city niigata japan nagaoka||city hall plaza aore nagaoka is a multi-purpose arena and city hall in nagaoka, niigata, japan.
navy s u 6 foal february breed flag train racehorse irish thoroughbred american 2015||u s navy flag (foaled 6 february 2015) is an american-bred, irish-trained thoroughbred racehorse.
friendless historic places register 2003 national list home||home of the friendless was listed on the national register of historic places in 2003.
miles franklin benjamin note last rate 4 season c appearance exchange||this is benjamin miles "c-note" franklin's last appearance until rates of exchange in season 4.
use instead cfm manager own file||it instead used its own file manager, cfm.
crosse dead commemorate victim terrorism war other memorial||other memorial crosses commemorate war dead and victims of terrorism.
interconnect agreement organization business telecommunications network purpose telecommunications contract interconnect traffic exchange||an interconnect agreement is a business contract between telecommunications organizations for the purpose of interconnecting their networks and exchanging telecommunications traffic.
song episode 1959 reference bachelor series title hero also bentley television father||the song was also referenced in a 1959 episode of television series bachelor father titled "bentley, the hero".
ten alderman five council fill be armor position already city ss mccrie douglas harold james tanner ford ss gleave gariepy charles term george elect still 1947 two office year||there were ten aldermen on city council, but five of the positions were already filled: armor ford, harold tanner (ss), james mccrie douglas (ss), charles gariepy, and george gleave were all elected to two-year terms in 1947 and were still in office.
even nephites neck be holy have have spirit communion stiff||and there are even some nephites who do not have stiff necks, and they have communion with the holy spirit.
moth nosophora family crambidae bisexualis||nosophora bisexualis is a moth in the family crambidae.
quarter canterbury three hawke manawatu hale bay level provincial new member side blacks national briefly zealand represent 1973 1972||a three-quarter, hales represented canterbury, manawatu and, briefly, hawke's bay at a provincial level, and was a member of the new zealand national side, the all blacks, from 1972 to 1973.
usually financial try social gain objective engineering often also purpose advantage espionage enforcement law social||their objective is usually to try to gain financial or social advantages through social engineering, but also often for purposes of espionage or law enforcement.
naples take april 23 29 2012 place italy||it took place in naples, italy between 23 and 29 april 2012.
story dwelling two consist three frame pile central block story flank one bay wing single||the frame dwelling consists of a two-story, three bay, single pile, central block flanked by one-story wings.
freedom book claim dominique midnight that patel hand jinnah file pertain lapierre patel condition patient secret advice patient keep confidential that||in his book freedom at midnight, dominique lapierre claimed that patel had handed over a confidential file pertaining to jinnah, and that patel kept his patient's condition a secret on the patient's advice.
perry assistant rhonda jennifer school principal vice/ goodwin principal||the principal of the school is rhonda perry and the vice/ assistant principal is jennifer goodwin.
city w.f.c play bristol||she plays for bristol city w.f.c..
record columbia song jack catalog little 1935 28 3068 little success chart 1935 enjoy reach song june 13 spot also||little jack little recorded the song for columbia (catalog 3068) on june 28, 1935 and also enjoyed chart success with the song in 1935 reaching the #13 spot.
include thirteen acoustic standard version song while available deluxe track edition release||thirteen tracks are included on the standard release, while acoustic versions of each song are available on the deluxe edition.
original fence surround house cast iron||surrounding the house is an original cast iron fence.
early event disassemble temporary arena structure||earlier arenas were temporary structures that were disassembled after the event.
theme include materialism cover innocence capitalism age loss come||it covers themes including materialism, loss of innocence, coming of age and capitalism.
1 star sq densely shape ngercheu km forested roughly||ngercheu is roughly 1 sq km, star-shaped, and densely forested.
january 31 1983 bear schellander robert professional football player association currently play austrian regional league side sc bregenz austrian||robert schellander (born january 31, 1983) is an austrian professional association football player who currently plays for austrian regional league side sc bregenz.
neighbor counties lease railway eastern beginning company work network 1844 999 year||it was worked by the neighboring eastern counties railway, and it leased its network to that company in from the beginning of 1844 for 999 years.
25 consecrate 2010 september||he was consecrated on september 25, 2010.
work also such legend such field b.b. king clarence davis johnny dr. taylor tyrone carter blue bobby bland john manhattans betty denise milton lasalle womack bobby wright little||fields has also worked with such legends such as b.b. king, clarence carter, dr. john, tyrone davis, johnny taylor, denise lasalle, bobby blue bland, betty wright, the manhattans, little milton and bobby womack.
extremity games extreme amputation event injury host people athletes sport cord spinal network disabilities||extremity games is an extreme sports event for people with amputations and/or spinal cord injuries, hosted by athletes with disabilities network.
2000 best houston award female grammy r&b song win performance vocal||houston won the 2000 grammy award for best female r&b vocal performance for this song.
long form three first underworld water include air world sun high creation moon earth earth world star||the earth was not formed until long after the creation of the first three worlds: the waters of the underworld; the air which included the higher world (i.e. the sun, the moon and the stars) and earth.
installment fire last third emblem super title develop famicom home last fifth series fire release emblem emblem radiance console 2005 fire path||it is the fifth installment in the fire emblem series, the third and last title to be developed for the super famicom, and the last home console fire emblem until the release of fire emblem: path of radiance in 2005.
utah start first public congregation school free||the congregation started utah's first free public schools.
develop proven business use develop group management public program method organization level individual private sector||its programs were developed from proven business methods used to develop both individuals and groups at all levels of management within public and private sector organizations.
artist business include bunky sheppard investor repertory sheridan art partner man||his business partners included artist and repertory man bunky sheppard and investor art sheridan.
launch time 1987 2007 six||it was launched six times between 1987 and 2007.
airtran brand airline regional jetconnect former airways service jet hub atlanta regional aircraft fly airtran||jetconnect was the brand for airtran airways former regional airline service, which flew regional jet aircraft from airtran's hub in atlanta.
coach football gorman high bishop previously school head||he was previously the head football coach at bishop gorman high school.
bear 1945 former 1 shooter sencovici romanian sport july||sencovici (born 1 july 1945) is a romanian former sports shooter.
declare mourning public day||a day of public mourning was declared.
occur 2010 iowa house november member elect state iowa election delegation 2 house states united 2010 representatives||the 2010 house elections in iowa occurred on november 2, 2010 and elected the members of the state of iowa's delegation to the united states house of representatives.
fenway measurement line left field park dispute||like the measurement of the left-field line at fenway park, this has been disputed.
event list transport article relate 1896 rail occur||this article lists events related to rail transport that occurred in 1896.
formerly live arkansas come prior florida city lake include mayberry dozen half worth||prior to her coming to arkansas, mayberry formerly lived in a half dozen cities in florida, including lake worth.
sow tell athena goddess tooth spring warrior ferocious call spartoi group||the goddess athena told him to sow the teeth, from which sprang a group of ferocious warriors called the spartoi.
global inc. company found manufacture jim rocheford american tech 2004 display||tech global, inc. is an american display manufacturing company founded by jim rocheford in 2004.
germany knarrer northern just pleasure cruise sail vintage scandinavian racing be historic classic number sail||there are some vintage knarrer in northern germany, some racing and some just cruised for pleasure, sailing under their historic scandinavian sail numbers as classics.
rule bear idea spawn record partnership||a partnership was born and the "no rules for records" idea was spawned.
library face consume time then expensive metadata tag reapplye task ensure discoverable new old become record||libraries are then faced with the expensive and time-consuming task of reapplying new metadata tags to ensure these older records can become discoverable.
wright michael county states city united eastern minnesota||michael is a city in eastern wright county, minnesota, united states.
york new times retitle enter list 1987 reach seller later early book best year 1||retitled, the book entered the new york times best seller list in early 1987 and reached #1 later that year.
col have mani influence studio mazzolino vinci dama da leonardo||dama col mazzolino had influences on studio di mani, of leonardo da vinci.
yorkshire tim racing easterby try highly train career time april run seven 1998 october 2001 thirty||trained in yorkshire by tim easterby, she was highly tried throughout her racing career, running thirty seven times between april 1998 and october 2001.
ko'-dot wokodot maidu nevada county california site wo day nevada village former locate city present||wokodot (wo-ko'-dot) is a former maidu village in nevada county, california, that was located on the site of present-day nevada city.
hold live there have captive access communal long communal exercise day yard dormitory book game||captives held there live in communal dormitories, and have day long access to communal exercise yard, games, and books.
george appoint see dowdall dowdall arrive king wauchope denounce ireland when||the king appointed george dowdall to the see, and dowdall denounced wauchope when he arrived in ireland.
only 8 infantry division july 1937 complete training reorganization||by july 1937 only 8 infantry divisions had completed reorganization and training.
stage even shafi active act popular most neela two become kamra play adaa inamdar||after that, he became active on the stage with shafi inamdar and even acted for two of his most popular plays - neela kamra and adaa.
bank bucharest member eurobank romanian ergasias bancpost group base||bancpost is a romanian bank based in bucharest and a member of eurobank ergasias group.
productivity design work service docs slides offer sheets email inbox scheduling google time calendar google storage management gmail social networking google cloud google+ instant video messaging allo drive duo chat language translation translate mapping google google turn hangouts google turn waze earth street video navigation maps note view google photo youtube editing google keep sharing organizing photos taking||it offers services designed for work and productivity (google docs, sheets, and slides), email (gmail/inbox), scheduling and time management (google calendar), cloud storage (google drive), social networking (google+), instant messaging and video chat (google allo/duo/hangouts), language translation (google translate), mapping and turn-by-turn navigation (google maps/waze/earth/street view), video sharing (youtube), note-taking (google keep), and photo organizing and editing (google photos).
production mine kayelekera uranium attribute suspension||this is attributed to suspension of production at kayelekera uranium mine.
creative difference split successful rice soon solo career go remain member x1 bell have form||they split over creative differences soon after, with rice going on to have a successful solo career and the remaining members forming bell x1.
route white railroad large have yukon locomotive car railroad variety pass||the white pass and yukon route railroad has had a large variety of locomotives and railroad cars.
accreditation october 1868 woman professional secure award educator university diploma||in october 1868 the professional accreditation of women educators was secured by the award of a university diploma.
city book windy 1982 musical lyric music tony dick vosburgh macaulay||windy city is a 1982 musical with a book and lyrics by dick vosburgh and music by tony macaulay.
disk audio enhanced christians video include lions release song||an enhanced audio disk with a video for the song christians to the lions was included with the release.
well role child know frank m.i.high cbbc london series tv||he is best known for his role as frank london in the children's cbbc tv series, m.i.high.
operational work 1842 1761||the works were operational from 1761 to 1842.
saadian dynasty conquest fez morocco accompany seem decision 1549||it seems they have accompanied the saadian dynasty in its conquest of morocco and its decision of fez in 1549.
group brother fm compose noise alex keyboard vocals austin drums guitar ward vocals musical||the noise fm is a musical group composed of brothers alex (vocals, keyboard, guitar) and austin ward (drums, vocals).
fall massachusetts new river open one||the newest one opened in fall river, massachusetts.
america emigrate kendallville work indiana settle supervisor mta finish indiana 1990 auburn||he emigrated to america in 1990, settling in kendallville, indiana and working as a finishing supervisor at mta in auburn, indiana.
offensive 1916 7th army participate brusilov offensive kerensky 1917||the 7th army participated in the brusilov offensive in 1916, and kerensky offensive in 1917.
video use feature music shawnna song remix||the music video uses the remix of the song, which features shawnna.
market when stores a&p exit small purchase store independent kohl food reopen owner sentry remodel||when a&p exited the market along with the kohl's food stores, the smaller stores were purchased by independent owners, remodeled and reopened as sentry.
1906 elect re - election||he was re-elected at the 1906 election.
year 28 tundra books mcclelland stewart sell||after 28 years, tundra books was sold to mcclelland & stewart.
deadhead many year help grateful section introduce allow dead taper recording concert concert favorite live audience||a favorite amongst deadheads for many years, he helped to introduce a tapers section at grateful dead concert to allow audience recording of live concerts.
eddy racing merckx partner rolf rudi patrick sercu kemper dieter van wolfshohl include rik steenbergen altig||his racing partners included eddy merckx, patrick sercu, rolf wolfshohl, rudi altig, dieter kemper and rik van steenbergen.
appoint court expertise federal judge law 2012 corporate business farrell||in 2012 farrell was appointed a judge of the federal court due to her expertise in business and corporate law.
call fully student integrate scholars community class take student wellesley choose davis campus live same traditional||these students are called "davis scholars" and are fully integrated into the wellesley community; they take the same classes as traditional students and can choose to live on campus.
dvd complete region season october 1 region 1st 2 28 november release 2005 region 4 2003 7 30 2006 november||the complete 1st season dvd was released in region 1 on october 28, 2003, region 2 on november 7, 2005, and region 4 on november 30, 2006.
1891 list founder ground otherwise ship 1891 include shipwreck lose sink||the list of shipwrecks in 1891 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1891.
join ten network big fall studio game 2010 analyst btn||he joined the big ten network (btn) in the fall of 2010 as a game and studio analyst.
scream m.i.a. maya tour 2010 teqkilla 2011 2010 perform awards||m.i.a. performed "teqkilla" at the 2010 scream awards, and during the maya tour in 2010 and 2011.
9 june kirschstein braunschweig bear footballer play sascha german goalkeeper 1980||sascha kirschstein (born 9 june 1980 in braunschweig) is a german footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
ayr kilmarnock county peerage kilmarnock kingdom united scotland title baron||baron kilmarnock, of kilmarnock in the county of ayr, scotland, is a title in the peerage of the united kingdom.
crambidae moth scoparia family contempta||scoparia contempta is a moth in the family crambidae.
city neighborhood rock east nearby connecticut east prominent haven trap rock ridge rock name new||east rock is a neighborhood in the city of new haven, connecticut, named for nearby east rock, a prominent trap rock ridge.
2008 greyhound year racing year ireland greyhound racing uk ireland 83rd united kingdom||the 2008 uk & ireland greyhound racing year was the 83rd year of greyhound racing in the united kingdom and ireland.
rare 1886 banknote issue extremely egyptian company banking malta issue anglo circulation limited||an issue of extremely rare banknotes were issued in 1886 by the anglo-egyptian banking company limited for circulation in malta.
elect palani india parliament incumbent member lok election 12th constituency sabha||he was elected as incumbent member of the parliament of india from palani constituency during 12th lok sabha election.
cover simon robinson follow mrs. eventually garfunkel most one become successful single band||this was followed by a cover of simon and garfunkel's "mrs. robinson", which eventually became one of the band's most successful singles.
tv uhf 15 kadn channel channel digital television 16 lafayette louisiana station license affiliate fox states united||kadn-tv, channel 15 (uhf digital channel 16), is a fox-affiliated television station licensed to lafayette, louisiana, united states.
lawsuit hat hat file red red august sco sco group 2003 4||red hat v. sco is a lawsuit filed by red hat against the sco group on august 4, 2003.
long dakota scout present 1910 serve have program thousand history south suit youth environment live||scouting in south dakota has a long history, from the 1910s to the present, and serves thousands of youth in programs that suit the environment in which they live.
also redman wormskull deformer member group||redman is also a member of the groups deformer and wormskull.
locks heath immediately collection include sarisbury village surround swanwick gate north park west warsash south south titchfield whiteley east west||locks heath is immediately surrounded by a collection of villages including sarisbury to the west, swanwick, park gate and whiteley to the north, warsash to the south west and titchfield to the south east.
previously 36th north governor 2010 when december 2000 governor resign lieutenant dalrymple hoeven succeed john dakota||he was previously the 36th lieutenant governor of north dakota from 2000 until december 2010, when governor john hoeven resigned and dalrymple succeeded him.
announce platform demonstrate moblin linux run 2010||announced in 2010, the platform was demonstrated running moblin linux.
criss walkway pattern sand border front entrance brick flagstone lawn spacious fountain extend cross||a brick criss-cross pattern walkway, bordered by sand flagstone, extends from the front entrance down the spacious lawn to a fountain.
currently executive harlem officer 23rd manhattan precinct east assign altaheri||altaheri is currently assigned as the executive officer of east harlem's 23rd precinct in manhattan.
zealand 1996 new act fisheries parliament act||the fisheries act 1996 is a new zealand act of parliament.
hore county cadastral australian ruthven south cover unit eyre state peninsula north land peninsula australia north||county of hore-ruthven is a cadastral unit in the australian state of south australia that covers land both in the north of the eyre peninsula and to the peninsula's north.
hans competitor quigley joe main carlin lotz sean||his main competitors were hans lotz, joe quigley and sean carlin.
dabo gwarsum invade chiefdom basshe defeat ningi||dabo invaded the ningi chiefdom but was defeated by gwarsum at basshe.
city w.f.c play bristol||she plays for bristol city w.f.c..
birmingham brazil play county medal sign gold meter 2015 winner english academy athletics championships derby 800 schools||before signing for birmingham, brazil played for the derby county academy and was a gold medal winner in the 800 meters at the 2015 english schools' athletics championships.
learning complete stanford 2002 spring work stanford center innovation learning lab inherit follow core scil technology development educational capability evaluation perform learn area research program design continue||the stanford learning lab completed its work in the spring of 2002 and was followed by the stanford center for innovations in learning (scil), which inherited core capabilities in technology development, educational program evaluation, and learning design and continued to perform research in these areas.
bandrake village england head cumbria||bandrake head is a village in cumbria, england.
19th century parliamentary electorate christchurch heathcote zealand new||heathcote was a 19th-century parliamentary electorate in christchurch, new zealand.
interface common protocol system computer hybrid network definition mixture common consist datum chips serial protocol even rs-485 interface pc communication rs-232 such keyboard||common hybrid interface protocol system (chips) is the definition of a computer network that consists of a mixture of common serial data protocols such as rs-232 and rs-485, or can be even pc keyboard interface communication.
election 2016 council district rochford 2016 take elect place may member council england rochford district 5||the 2016 rochford district council election took place on 5 may 2016 to elect members of rochford district council in england.
derive speciman name type find sekwi area||the name derives from the area the type specimen was found, sekwi.
dakota nininger county united states township township minnesota||nininger township is a township in dakota county, minnesota, united states.
town community virginia accomack county groton unincorporated||groton town is an unincorporated community in accomack county, virginia.
nelsoni anaxyrus know previously bufo toad species amargosa toad bufonidae nelsoni family||the amargosa toad (anaxyrus nelsoni), previously known as bufo nelsoni, is a species of toad in the family bufonidae.
oligomer liquid polybutene high plasticizer widely molecular use polymer weight lubricant polyethylene carrier polyisobutylene such||polybutene and polyisobutylene are liquid oligomers widely used as plasticizers for high-molecular weight polymers, such as polyethylene, and as carriers and lubricants.
officer invest order empire british 1918||he was invested as an officer of the order of the british empire in 1918.
computer combine acting generate real show life human go daily body process imagery face dramatic well style as experience life docufictional||combining real-life acting and computer-generated imagery, it shows the processes going on inside the human body in our daily life as well as facing dramatic experiences, in a docufictional style.
galaxy close 7070a. have companion 7070 ngc call ngc herschel discover 5 john astronomer 1834 september||it has a close companion galaxy called ngc 7070a. ngc 7070 was discovered by astronomer john herschel on september 5, 1834.
network tramway part network ganja form transport tramway public system ganja most azerbaijan second city more 40 mid year populous century 20th||the ganja tramway network was a network of tramways forming part of the public transport system in ganja, the second most populous city in azerbaijan, for more than 40 years in the mid 20th century.
rescue technical states often multiple have jurisdiction operate often together united command rescue manage system use scene incident resource incident effect||in the united states, technical rescues will often have multiple jurisdictions operating together to effect the rescue, and will often use the incident command system to manage the incident and resources at scene.
well patti recording know 1956 song page||the song is best known in a 1956 recording by patti page.
local national win state ferrick george polk award work include numerous press editors managing award associated hunger award world award hal hovey give magazine govern 2008 coverage honor government award excellence politic||ferrick has won numerous local, state and national awards for his work, including the george polk award, an associated press managing editors award, a world hunger award and, in 2008, the hal hovey award, given by governing magazine to honor excellence in coverage of government and politics.
synthesizer analog synth utopia sound punishment capitol king produce base control oscillator voltage||the utopia synth is an analog sound synthesizer produced by king capitol punishment, and based on voltage controlled oscillators.
football level italian completely amateur level local provincial committees run provincial||this level of italian football is completely amateur and is run on a provincial level from the local and provincial committees.
race weekend fourth first contact lap lead two race make pigot||in the first race of the weekend, the two made contact on the fourth lap of the race with pigot leading.
second metal aeronautic power band album german masterplan||aeronautics is the second album by the german power metal band masterplan.
country gun regulation subject air law differ widely most specific while be||while in some countries air guns are not subject to any specific regulation, in most there are laws, which differ widely.
announce news june band ireland tour uk album 2013||the album was announced in june 2013 along with news of the band's uk and ireland tour.
also gang utilize construction box refer toolbox gangbox industry access term colloquial multiple worker workbox||gangbox (also gang box) is a colloquial term utilized in the construction industry, referring to a toolbox or workbox that can be accessed by multiple workers.
california northern reside currently||he currently resides in northern california.
memorial refer abbott abbott commonly 1919 1999 annually cup ice hockey champion western cup canada award a junior||the abbott memorial cup, commonly referred to as the abbott cup, was awarded annually from 1919 through 1999 to the junior "a" ice hockey champion for western canada.
south a17 current airfield east next walpole nene norfolk river||the airfield was to the south of the current a17, and east of the river nene, next to walpole in norfolk.
route missouri creek about 142 locate mile east doniphan seven logan||it is located on logan creek along missouri route 142 about seven miles east of doniphan.
usually amara amara east west modern amara name distinguish egyptian today sudan city nubia ancient||amara, usually distinguished as amara east and amara west, is the modern name of an ancient egyptian city in nubia, in what today is sudan.
2010 village 404 states population united census||as of the united states 2010 census, the village population was 404.
notable list telegraphist||this is a list of notable telegraphists.
overall structure premier new national leagues series qualified state compete federation champion premier other knock decide final tournament premier champion national 2016 leagues final||the overall premier for the new structure qualified for the national premier leagues finals series, competing with the other state federation champions in a final knock-out tournament to decide the national premier leagues champion for 2016.
fictitious example opponent strategy player move last condition||the opponent's strategy may for example be conditioned on the fictitious player's last move.
since % industrial commercial 85 approximately provider least once consumer 2002 power switch||since 2002, approximately 85% of commercial and industrial consumers have switched power providers at least once.
letterone 2013 set broad mikhail businessman new vehicle proceed fridman part tnk investment bp sale use||businessman mikhail fridman set up letterone in 2013 as part of a broader new investment vehicle using the proceeds from the sale of tnk-bp.
ashok former assist inspector general raghavan malhotra cbi deputy jamuwar lawyer sit s. outsider riot gujarat r. case gujarat||raghavan was assisted by ashok malhotra, a former cbi deputy inspector general, and sit lawyer r. s. jamuwar, both "outsiders to gujarat" in the gujarat riots case.
source sonia accord gandhi know work truth hard||according to sources, sonia gandhi knows him for his truth and hard work.
successful draft level overall college experience san first francisco debut 2000 seals professional make bay||after a successful experience at the college level he was drafted first overall by the san francisco bay seals, making his professional debut in 2000.
british reality produce twenty television twenty weird vs 12 4 2 channel june may 2014 broadcast show||vs weird is british reality television show produced by twenty twenty and broadcast on channel 4 from 12 may to 2 june 2014.
mount lens mount 1 type nikon interchangeable nikon nikon mirrorless cx format interchangeable develop camera lens||the nikon 1-mount is a type of interchangeable lens mount developed by nikon for its nikon cx format mirrorless interchangeable-lens cameras.
wtsa call station federal commission august communications 1 assign letter 1986||the station was assigned the wtsa call letters by the federal communications commission on august 1, 1986.
midwest also kdke wdul wdsm communications duluth own fm ktco kdal||midwest communications also owns kdke, wdsm, wdul, ktco, and kdal-fm in duluth.
species grasshopper family angustipennis acrididae goniaea||goniaea angustipennis is a species of grasshopper in the family acrididae.
have operating long ground lift arcade one city manual arcade most notable city cathedral floor||it had the longest operating manual lifts in the city, and the ground floor cathedral arcade is one of the most notable arcades in the city.
jack london graham ludlow novel call 1903 base classic richard wild star dreyfuss hauer narrate screenplay rutger||the screenplay by graham ludlow is based on jack london's classic novel the call of the wild (1903), is narrated by richard dreyfuss, and stars rutger hauer.
one 93 royal cranham navy class ham inshore hms ship minesweeper||hms cranham was one of 93 royal navy ships of the ham-class of inshore minesweepers.
november samson 1983 former football bear nigerian 11 godwin midfielder||samson godwin (born 11 november 1983) is a former nigerian football midfielder.
rj june british 1985 25 songwriter thompson bear singer||rj thompson (born 25 june 1985) is a british singer-songwriter.
dissolve bedeque november 2014 central create community community amalgamation 17 area bedeque||it was dissolved through its amalgamation with the community of central bedeque on november 17, 2014 to create the community of bedeque and area.
tall st structure mary cathedral fifth city||st mary's cathedral is the fifth tallest structure in the city.
carcinoma abbreviate rare type aggressive cancer sinonasal undifferentiated snuc epithelium sinus lining arise nose||sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma, abbreviated snuc, is a rare aggressive type of cancer that arises from epithelium or lining of the nose or sinuses.
act 1968 insecticides 1971 follow insecticides rules scheme||the schemes follows from the insecticides act of 1968 and the insecticides rules of 1971.
graduate cum university laude central wilberforce communication ohio state b.a.||she is a cum laude graduate of central state university in wilberforce, ohio with a b.a. in communications.
recording techno pop rap song dance influence dancehall cumbia music latin club||the song is a techno-pop cumbia recording with influences of dancehall, rap, latin dance, and club music.
first high high only school county system dougherty dougherty school school baccalaureate system charter 2008 implement start year program school 2009 international||dougherty high is the first and only high school in the dougherty county school system to be under the charter school system to implement the international baccalaureate program, starting in the 2008-2009 school year.
name closely software suite one resemble name identity manager oracle component||the name of the software suite closely resembles the name of one of its components, oracle identity manager.
write second book faith woman lies war want scroggin also life hirsi siddiqui terror ali aafia islam examination ayaan movement life two opposite ayaan side ali militant siddiqui woman hirsi spectrum aafia||scroggins has also written a second book: wanted women: faith, lies, and the war on terror: the lives of ayaan hirsi ali and aafia siddiqui, an examination of the militant islam movement through the lives of two women on opposite sides of the spectrum: ayaan hirsi ali and aafia siddiqui.
awake international dartington commission perform ulysses summer finnimore school clare string first ensemble 11 august 1989 guildhall there||ulysses awakes was commissioned by dartington international summer school and first performed there by clare finnimore and the guildhall string ensemble on august 11, 1989.
recordist career india first alam start 1931 ara sound talkie||he started his career as a sound recordist for the first talkie in india, alam ara (1931).
1958 8 fams october bear new mathematician zealand||fams (born 8 october 1958) is a new zealand mathematician.
january horst former 1943 18 german bear footballer lunenburg||horst lunenburg (born 18 january 1943) is a former german footballer.
united covenant share church site||the site was shared with the covenant united church.
anymore woman say give||give her something that says, 'i'm not a woman anymore...
spider belong troglohyphantes linyphiidae family cave nigraerosae species||troglohyphantes nigraerosae is a species of cave spider belonging to the linyphiidae family.
major way davey street pass outskirt one street hobart district central tasmania australia business||davey street a major one way street passing through the outskirts of the hobart central business district in tasmania, australia.
name urban international one top build 2012 today thought environment times leader||in 2012, the urban times named him one of the top international thought leaders of the built environment today.
national level 1960 utility cycling follow mode cycling decline london everyday transport regrowth 1970 slow begin||following a national decline in the 1960s of levels of utility cycling, cycling as a mode of everyday transport within london began a slow regrowth in the 1970s.
hold birifor dagara musical place tradition burkina people ghana southern northern faso||it holds a place in the musical traditions of the dagara and birifor people of northern ghana and southern burkina faso.
pc game mac platform version ipad available free device iphone||the games are available on pc and mac platforms and with free versions for the iphone and ipad devices.
minimarket network need provide daily indomaret||indomaret is a minimarket network that provides daily needs.
contemporary shape milton historian attitude book seek sernett hypothesize invoke that memory include slavery c. tubman pain||the book sought to shape contemporary attitudes and historian milton c. sernett hypothesizes that including tubman would invoke memories of the pain of slavery.
microsoft mingw toolchain previously implementation support toolchain tool windows gnu gcc binutil various include such||microsoft windows was previously supported via the mingw toolchain (implementation of the gnu toolchain, which includes various tools such as gcc and binutils).
savanna dry habitat very natural||its natural habitat is very dry savanna.
american welcome debut herbo mixtape release fazoland rapper 17 2014 february g||welcome to fazoland is the debut mixtape by american rapper g herbo and was released on february 17, 2014.
offer mountain translate meeting seven year lee two find project book soul publisher australia additional take||after that meeting, lee offered to translate soul mountain, a project which took seven years, and an additional two to find a publisher for the book in australia.
deconstruction movie popular genre format protopunk scabrous satiric result pointedly garish||his movies are satiric, protopunk deconstructions of popular genres and formats with scabrous and pointedly garish results.
same photo base punk band francisco use san ep dog call society||the same photo was used by another san francisco-based punk band called society dog for their ep ...
uk rialto release 1981 records||it was released on rialto records in the uk in 1981.
time technology high only current application voltage one transformer supply direct transmission link station ac embed city rather interconnect asynchronous system hvdc system two first||it was at one time the only application of the technology of high voltage direct current transmission for the supply of transformer stations in a city, and the first hvdc link to be embedded within an ac system, rather than interconnecting two asynchronous systems.
k.e.d. device use extrication vehicle device kendrick remove victim motor collision traffic vehicle extrication||the kendrick extrication device (k.e.d.) is a device that is used in vehicle extrication to remove victims of traffic collisions from motor vehicles.
empower poor instrument change society own work||it works to empower the poor to be their own instruments of change in society.
locker office room football athletic track field meet stadium well room room room training as weight||inside the stadium are athletic offices, locker rooms and meeting rooms for football and track and field, as well as a training room and weight room.
chenghaiensis distinguish liobagrus posterior specie other serrate spine fin possess pectoral free posterior apex margin margin adipose fin l.||l. chenghaiensis is distinguished from all other species of liobagrus with a serrated posterior margin of the pectoral-fin spine by possessing a free apex on the posterior margin of the adipose fin.
itunes breed metal fuse talk host feature exclusive podcast interview segment jam style session podcast signature field||bred from the hosts' itunes podcast, talking metal on fuse features exclusive interviews, field segments, and jam sessions in the podcast's signature style.
pleasant community scotia locate yarmouth province nova yarmouth canadian district lake county municipal||pleasant lake is a community in the canadian province of nova scotia, located in the yarmouth municipal district in yarmouth county.
bear january 1991 canadian professional 3 ice agozzino leave play hockey contract currently avalanche andrew wing hockey national colorado nhl league||andrew agozzino (born january 3, 1991) is a canadian professional ice hockey left wing who is currently playing under contract to the colorado avalanche of the national hockey league (nhl).
judge 20 federal j. u.s. robert 2013 utah court shelby district strike december process 3 due protection clause unconstitutional equal constitution u.s. amendment||on december 20, 2013, federal judge robert j. shelby of the u.s. district court for utah struck down amendment 3 as unconstitutional under the due process and equal protection clauses of the u.s. constitution.
make debut musical t cold solo follow pieter single 2009 stop single nights stay else six number radio nz peak charts love||pieter t made his solo musical debut in 2009 with the single cold nights followed by the singles, stay with me, can't stop loving you and something else which peaked at number six on the nz radio charts.
butterfly woman 50 summer paralympics take event swimming meter olympic rio stadium 2016 8 15 place september||the women's 50 meter butterfly swimming events for the 2016 summer paralympics take place at the rio olympic stadium from 8 to 15 september.
1957 comedy american butterfly direct hibbs film joe jesse nader murphy star wynn audie title keenan george role meredith japanese burgess man||joe butterfly is a 1957 american comedy film directed by jesse hibbs starring audie murphy, george nader and keenan wynn, with burgess meredith in the title role as a japanese man.
thirty work film 1933 1966||he worked on over thirty films between 1933 and 1966.
superfamily sea order actiniaria actinostoloidea anemone||actinostoloidea is a superfamily of sea anemones in the order actiniaria.
extraction dutch unusual middle account name mary kuggeleijn||kuggeleijn was of dutch extraction, which accounts for his unusual middle name of mary.
approximately signature scheme signature standard 200 byte around size rsa||signatures in this scheme are approximately the size of a standard rsa signature (around 200 bytes).
claim example ottoman melanchthon red turks philipp that jews muslims||philipp melanchthon, for example, claimed that the ottoman turks and muslims were the red jews.
bear tendero philippines world secretary general since alliance efraim 2015 march 1 evangelical||efraim tendero, born in the philippines is secretary-general of world evangelical alliance since march 1, 2015.
highly difference gene polymorphic alloimmunity primarily product cause complex donor gene recipient graft major histocompatibility||alloimmunity is caused by the difference between products of highly polymorphic genes, primarily genes of the major histocompatibility complex, of the donor and graft recipient.
species terrestrial ampulla indrella air breathing gastropod family ariophantidae tropical mollusk||indrella ampulla is a species of tropical terrestrial air-breathing gastropod mollusk in the family ariophantidae.
bear 1984 april randolph american wide former football receiver 22 canadian||randolph (born april 22, 1984) is a former american and canadian football wide receiver.
road gt kilometer 10||it is 10 kilometers from gt road.
commission city freedom responsible secure discrimination disability individual because religion race sex color sexual orientation origin identity national age gender||the commission is responsible for securing for all individuals in the city freedom from discrimination because of race, color, disability, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or age.
roman politician 512 floruit paulus flavius||flavius paulus (floruit 512) was a roman politician.
multiple class type unit currently keretapi tanah electric 91 electric operate melayu since service ets 2009 train||class 91 is a type of electric multiple unit currently operating on keretapi tanah melayu's electric train service (ets) since 2009.
dean paul cathedral brown wellington 2002 saint 1985 michael henry||michael henry brown was dean of saint paul's cathedral, wellington from 1985 to 2002.
cutworm species dart noctuidae lithophane family moth nasar||lithophane nasar is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family noctuidae.
gartner remix wolfgang feature track funk nominate gramma funk andy nasty category best 2011 remix grammy||the wolfgang gartner remix of andy's track "funk nasty" (featuring gramma funk) was nominated for a grammy in 2011 under the "best remix" category.
darkest comprise summoning follow trilogy reckoning powers awakening chloe old fifteen necromancer saunders year||the summoning, the awakening, and the reckoning comprise the darkest powers trilogy, which follows fifteen-year-old necromancer chloe saunders.
valiant deveaux make effort time recapture colonel saga fort bring repeat fruitful fort end attack destruction||during this time, the valiant effort made by colonel deveaux to recapture the fort was fruitful, bringing an end to the saga of repeated attack and destruction of the fort.
small relatively cheap locate club always industry end music west london generation launch rock heart career act use||it was always a small and relatively cheap club, located in the heart of the music industry in london's west end, and used to launch the careers of generations of rock acts.
samoa withdraw disagreement league super promise western align authority tournament give believe||western samoa withdrew from the tournament in disagreement with super league-aligned authorities over promises that they believed were given to them.
1956 standard name shorten henley||its name was shortened in 1956 to the henley standard.
bad mtv boyfriend lutz play tell||"i play the bad boyfriend," lutz told mtv.
endangered distinct one most estimate 1671 population giraffe individual 2016 wild||it is one of the most endangered distinct populations of giraffe, with 1671 individuals estimated in the wild in 2016.
university center wageningen research professor||he is a professor at wageningen university and research center.
stele stand war replica seoul ground gwanggaeto rubbed exact copy custody 1881 1883 make japan china memorial||an exact replica of the gwanggaeto stele stands on the grounds of war memorial of seoul and the rubbed copies made in 1881 and 1883 are in the custody of china and japan.
indonesian djayusman play defender triasdi footballer||djayusman triasdi is an indonesian footballer who plays as a defender.
word usage common fuse indiscriminately use||in common usage, the word fuse is used indiscriminately.
comedy american out 1935 direct nigh william film write clork malloy doris harry||out is a 1935 american comedy film directed by william nigh and written by harry clork and doris malloy.
1967 christopher bear government american ford currently lawyer official ashley secretary assistant state security proliferation international serve non -||christopher ashley ford (born 1967) is an american lawyer and government official who currently serves as assistant secretary of state for international security and non-proliferation.
indian politician murugaiah legislative r. pandian member assembly||r. murugaiah pandian is an indian politician and member of the legislative assembly.
san u.s. park state california park ruocco diego||ruocco park is a park in san diego, in the u.s. state of california.
album 2008 title one release self||they released one self-titled album in 2008.
hall fame induct skelton prorodeo 2018||in 2018, skelton was inducted into the prorodeo hall of fame.
administer well teacher know child||it is administered by a teacher who knows the child well.
all experiment work model funding||experiment works on the all-or-nothing funding model.
zenodochium describe moth blastodacnidae genus family walsingham 1908 lord||zenodochium is a genus of moths in the family blastodacnidae described by lord walsingham in 1908.
win 1994 harmonizers homestead contest||the homestead harmonizers won the contest in 1994.
scotsman become so johnnie also wallace do second 1925 follow||he also became the second scotsman to do so, following on from johnnie wallace in 1925.
bachelet bear later emigrate france where emile 1880 electrician united states work||emile bachelet was born in france and later emigrated to the united states in the 1880s where he worked as an electrician.
aton baron sir 1st malton wintringham gilbert aton century 13th-14th noble english ayton yorkshire langdon||sir gilbert de aton, 1st baron aton, of ayton, langdon, malton and wintringham, yorkshire was a 13th-14th century english noble.
apostolic directly exempt exarchate subject see congregation holy churches oriental part notably roman ecclesiastical catholic province encompass melkite venezuela roman||the apostolic exarchate is exempt, i.e. directly subject to the holy see (notably the roman congregation for the oriental churches), not part of any (melkite or roman catholic) ecclesiastical province, and encompasses venezuela.
fort principal hinesville stewart part nearby metropolitan fort statistical city hinesville area neighbor liberty county stewart county long comprise||nearby fort stewart and the principal city of hinesville are part of the hinesville-fort stewart metropolitan statistical area, which comprises all of liberty county and neighboring long county.
article public list opinion conduct provide nationwide 2011 canadian scientific lead poll election federal||this article provides a list of scientific, nationwide public opinion polls that were conducted leading up to the 2011 canadian federal election.
reissue grand cd remastered catalog sampler recently capitol funk||this cd as a sampler to the recently reissued/remastered grand funk catalog on capitol.
brothel varie unofficially enforcement area tolerate||enforcement varies, and in some areas brothels are unofficially tolerated.
list career statistic australian professional tennis former fitzgerald john main player||this is a list of the main career statistics of former professional australian tennis player john fitzgerald.
issue fifth fourth paper print white standard||the fourth and fifth issues were printed on standard white paper.
available make video content music game series april 2010 20 band rock downloadable||it was made available as downloadable content for the music video game series rock band on april 20, 2010.
teti identify oppose several indicate pharaohs pharaohs nubkheperre intef later very kamose short kamose have identification same remain problematic reign||some have identified him as the same teti who opposed kamose several pharaohs later, which would indicate the pharaohs between nubkheperre intef and kamose had very short reigns, but this identification remains problematic.
championship contest nevada year nevada university host reno||this year's championships were contested in reno, nevada, hosted by the university of nevada.
detroit play finalist drama prize pulitzer||her play detroit was a finalist for the pulitzer prize for drama.
cbac inspect travel discover firewall traffic state information tcp udp session manage||cbac inspects traffic that travels through the firewall to discover and manage state information for tcp and udp sessions.
specie toticoryx guinea exilis describe single find||its single described species, toticoryx exilis is found in guinea.
flavor use acetoxydihydrotheaspirane - nature foods.6 find agent report||it is used as a flavoring agent in foods.6-acetoxydihydrotheaspirane is not reported found in nature.
veliko eparchy bulgarian one church eparchy tarnovo bulgaria orthodox||eparchy of veliko tarnovo is one of the eparchies of the bulgarian orthodox church in the bulgaria.
marry follow country soon uk include several australia||they soon married, and she followed him in several countries, including uk and australia.
ziaeipour 14 bear march play footballer iranian saipa f.c. ipl 1989 mohammad||mohammad ziaeipour (born march 14, 1989) is an iranian footballer who plays for saipa f.c. in the ipl.
participate number 1016 total 82 be country athlete||there were a total number of 1016 participating athletes from 82 countries.
flower produce centimeter length inflorescence yellow nod petal||the nodding inflorescence produces flowers with yellow petals about half a centimeter in length.
style revival add romanesque 1877 tower||a romanesque revival-style tower was added in 1877.
also compete weishoff seventh finish 1996 place summer olympics||weishoff also competed at the 1996 summer olympics, finishing in seventh place.
dynamopterus prehistoric velox large humerus know bird recover right france single||dynamopterus velox is a prehistoric bird, known from a single large right humerus recovered in france.
sri perera debut cricket 2008 09 schools make - inter provincial tournament twenty20 lanka||perera made his cricketing debut for sri lanka schools in the 2008-09 inter-provincial twenty20 tournament.
examine that nature already art potent influential own art aspect notion critic vision 1950s greenberg clement modern art||the notion that art should examine its own nature was already a potent aspect of the influential art critic clement greenberg's vision of modern art during the 1950s.
taiwan include region find oriental lanka myanmar india china japan borneo sri||it is found in the oriental region, including taiwan, china, india, sri lanka, myanmar, japan and borneo.
hawkshaw 24 1997 scottish april dean footballer last premiership bear play club scottish kilmarnock midfielder||dean hawkshaw (born 24 april 1997) is a scottish footballer who last played for scottish premiership club kilmarnock, as a midfielder.
temporal preamble state promotion different well consist interest management art occupation mechanical agriculture merchandising||its preamble stated it was: ...for the promotion of our temporal interests, and for the better management of our different occupations, which consist in agriculture, mechanical arts, and merchandising.
international event hockey federation iihf own ice u-18 early championship sanction hold year||the event is not sanctioned by the international ice hockey federation (iihf), which holds its own u-18 championship earlier in the year.
name seraph angel seraphinite biblical seraphim||seraphinite is named after the biblical seraphs or seraphim angels.
terminal nearby primera angostura pionero magellan ferry del cross tierra fuego where strait||nearby is a ferry terminal at the primera angostura, from where the pionero crosses the strait of magellan to tierra del fuego.
2000 5,554 census population||the population was 5,554 at the 2000 census.
odd song originally top spot give hill 1000/1 william long bookmaker give reach odd ever||the song was originally given odds of 1000/1 to reach the top spot by bookmakers william hill, the longest odds they have ever given.
program member report retail have 120 1,100,000 participate chain||the program has a reported 1,100,000 members and 120+ participating retail chains.
chief pc editor government writer staff federal computer magazine defense portables week unix news today computer news||he was editor-in-chief of pc portables magazine, a staff writer for government computer news, federal computer week, defense news and unix today.
canada pick dottie breed ontario||dotties pick was bred in ontario, canada.
bowl peach 1971 game tech football college jackets bowl miss rebels yellow ole georgia||the 1971 peach bowl was a college football bowl game between the georgia tech yellow jackets and the ole miss rebels.
much be correlation forest strong area decrease later more align extent area century wooded closely||in later centuries there was a much stronger correlation - with forest areas decreasing in extent to more closely align with wooded area.
compilation compile british album klaxon dance band bug klaxon mix punk||bugged out mix by klaxons is a compilation album compiled by british dance-punk band klaxons.
fiesta album artist fourth jonny first studio album eurodance pseudonym swedish carlito jakobsen||fiesta is the fourth studio album by swedish eurodance artist jonny jakobsen and his first album under the pseudonym carlito.
bear december gabriel 29 cummins john australian south 1944 australian house assembly politician seat represent 1993 norwood liberal party 1997||john gabriel cummins (born 29 december 1944) was an australian politician who represented the south australian house of assembly seat of norwood from 1993 to 1997 for the liberal party.
make 17 august one week single physical album available copy release||physical copies of the single were made available on 17 august, one week before the release of the album.
bihar report 10 aid that dramatic people august worker diarrhea 11 august increase flood be still occur death||by 10 august, aid workers in bihar reported that there was a dramatic increase of people with diarrhea and by 11 august, flood deaths were still occurring.
various application increasingly geomessage use crisis communication include location sensitive communication find geo management||increasingly geomessaging is finding its use in various applications including crisis communication and geo-location sensitive communication management.
year independent review five carry lord nolan activity commission||the commission carried out its activities five years on from the independent review by lord nolan.
guitarist hexx play watson dan also||guitarist dan watson also played in hexx.
153 ngukurr road kilometer numbulwar continue carpentaria road approximately gulf numbulwar||from ngukurr the road continues for approximately 153 kilometers to numbulwar on the gulf of carpentaria as the numbulwar road.
episode 26 collingwood studio co o'hare - animate scottish dic produce now stv association hit series entertainment entertainment central television||the 26-episode series was animated by the collingwood o'hare studio and co-produced by dic entertainment & scottish television (now stv central) in association with hit entertainment.
wilson florida round 107th panthers overall nhl 2009 entry select draft 4th||wilson was selected by the florida panthers in the 4th round (107th overall) of the 2009 nhl entry draft.
exterior shingle gable house shingle arrange form wall element queen anne styling wave end||the house's exterior walls are shingled, and the shingles on the gable ends are arranged to form waves, an element of queen anne styling.
signal unsuspecting give perperna sertorius murder minion spot||at this, perperna gave the signal to his minions, and they murdered the unsuspecting sertorius on the spot.
american novel graphic publish 2008 dc comics joker||joker is an american graphic novel published by dc comics in 2008.
ftt tennis tour ceo as florida williams well 1 found also orlandotennisnews.com owner site tennis central florida news||williams also founded the ftt florida tennis tour and is the ceo as well as owner of orlandotennisnews.com, the #1 tennis news site in central florida.
midlothian attend rudolf edinburgh penicuik high grow school school study follow duncan college jordanstone steiner lasswade college royal london art dundee art||he grew up in penicuik, midlothian, and attended the rudolf steiner school in edinburgh and lasswade high school, followed by study at the duncan of jordanstone college of art in dundee and the royal college of art in london.
only 1965 two time division run race history||for the only time in its history, in 1965 the race was run in two divisions.
brahmana newly discover manuscript help||brahmana with the help of newly discovered manuscripts.
limited number include mini edition trim special combination include offer usually badging also upgrade mechanical||the mini was offered in a number of limited editions that usually included a special combination of trim and badging, but some also included mechanical upgrades.
estonia namely permit switzerland child slovenia registered italy partner step four biological adopt child adoption case partner adopt||another four, namely, estonia, italy, slovenia, and switzerland permit step-child adoption in which the registered partner can adopt the biological and, in some cases, the adopted child of his or her partner.
may 1886 9 edward december australian 23 footballer rule albert victorian play 1969 league football ingleman carlton vfl||albert edward ingleman (9 may 1886 - 23 december 1969) was an australian rules footballer who played for carlton in the victorian football league (vfl).
probate instance researcher kin work next trace professional||in all these instances, professional probate researchers work to trace the next-of-kin.
association football currently use match rugby football home fiji american football association game union tailevu club host as rewa game well f.c. football f.c. american team tailevu knights naitasiri||it is currently used for association football, rugby union and american football matches and hosts the home games of fiji association football clubs rewa f.c. and tailevu/naitasiri f.c. as well as the games of american football team tailevu knights.
wing final green episode sitcom special wing green british||the green wing special is the final episode of the british sitcom green wing.
waterlogge clay mostly boat clay sand silty help greatly deposit timber situate silt preservation||the boat was situated in mostly waterlogged clay (silty-clay, silt, and sand) deposits, which greatly helped the preservation of the timbers.
delist 18 august game marketplace xbox 2014||on august 18, 2014 the game was delisted from the xbox marketplace.
instance proletariat have that brougeoisie effect exert society argue various when group power social most influential||for instance, he argued that the brougeoisie and proletariat had the most effect on society when they exerted their power from various influential social groups.
open 1952 high traffic serve tunnel north capacity beach conduit chinatown van avenue west hill east ness russian||the tunnel opened in 1952, and serves as a high-capacity conduit for traffic between chinatown and north beach to the east and russian hill and van ness avenue to the west.
six 2000 discontinue format cbc day||in 2000, the cbc discontinued the six-day format.
neto 25 1991 bear january jorge professional know play finnish footballer ps mesqueu brazilian midfielder club kemi jorginho||jorge mesqueu neto (born 25 january 1991), known as jorginho, is a brazilian professional footballer who plays for finnish club ps kemi, as a midfielder.
legislative body city create international govern||an international legislative body was created to govern the city.
addition roast cream coffee sell lappert gourmet ice||in addition to ice cream, the lappert's roasts and sells gourmet coffee.
rudie maria rudolfus 17 josefus bear lubbers august boxer netherlands retire 1968 summer 1945 olympics 1964 compete||rudolfus josefus maria "rudie" lubbers (born 17 august 1945) is a retired boxer from the netherlands who competed at the 1964 and 1968 summer olympics.
united senate election states new jersey 2000 hold november 2000 7||the 2000 united states senate election in new jersey was held on november 7, 2000.
mark byers one father mostly increasingly west focus victim obsess three group memphis support innocent john that convinced three||it mostly focuses on john mark byers, the father of one of the victims who has grown increasingly obsessed with the west memphis three, and on a support group who is convinced that the three are innocent.
host multiple datum trust separate set concurrent xts-400 different level network user sensitivity||the xts-400 can host, and be trusted to separate, multiple, concurrent data sets, users, and networks at different sensitivity levels.
hits hit first band george essential great australian album||the essential hits is the first greatest hits album from australian band george.
uppermost flower sterile different often form||the uppermost flowers are often sterile and different in form.
appoint - re pohamba again president hage president april reappointe 2010 2014 geingob hifikepunye 2015 election follow||he was re-appointed in 2010 by president hifikepunye pohamba and again reappointed by president hage geingob in april 2015 following the 2014 election.
india 2015 world miss pageant represent||she represented india at miss world 2015 pageant.
source open package cover tine category business software software relationship management customer crm release term license groupware 2.0 agpl||tine 2.0 is an open source business software package covering the software categories groupware and customer relationship management (crm), released under the terms of the agpl license.
august 9 kevin saucier andrew major baseball 1956 pitcher 1982 philadelphia bear league 1978 detroit tigers phillies||kevin andrew saucier (born august 9, 1956) was a major league baseball pitcher from 1978 to 1982 for the philadelphia phillies and detroit tigers.
refurbish 1975 frozen new food one build store build department||in 1975, new build stores or refurbished ones had frozen food departments built into them.
two sleight first release make team appearance just||sleight made just two appearances for the first-team before being released.
have plethora dish local area specific belgium product||belgium has a plethora of dishes and products that are local to a specific area.
william captain whetstone february 1696 william captain clevland 1697||in february 1696 she was under captain william whetstone, and in 1697 under captain william clevland.
attack very muroni hard identify think animal characteristic attack often||due to this characteristic, a muroni attack could be very hard to identify and could often be thought of as an animal attack.
server ibm family corporation computer eserver ibm||ibm eserver was a family of computer servers from ibm corporation.
denmark play player be professional||there are no professional players that play for denmark.
where knight arrow black here woomera test rocket ship australia black||it is here where the black knight and black arrow rockets were tested before being shipped to woomera in australia.
sell one album more daydream time well 20 remain sell copy worldwide million||daydream remains one of the best-selling albums of all time, with more than 20 million copies sold worldwide.
aged 71 die february rectory bury lloyd pneumonia edgmond 1896 general longden cemetery road february shrewsbury mary 29 service st funeral same town church||lloyd died aged 71 at edgmond rectory, of pneumonia, in february 1896, and was buried on 29 february at the general cemetery in longden road, shrewsbury, after a funeral service at st mary's church in the same town.
publish harrison 1974 commentary edward edition powley||an edition and commentary was published by edward harrison powley in 1974.
19,002 a. vote rami % vote constituency 41.63 reddi obtain||a. rami reddi obtained 19,002 votes (41.63% of the votes in the constituency).
film screen film festival cannes film festival film halal pune international international asian festival festival goa film||halal (film) has been screened at cannes film festival, asian film festival, goa international film festival & pune international film festival.
moth family parexoletuncus genus belong tortricidae||parexoletuncus is a genus of moths belonging to the tortricidae family.
bambi jones also know bear holyoke doris kotzan massachusetts bear 1931||bambi jones (born 1931), also known as doris kotzan was born in holyoke, massachusetts.
include laminoplasty dr. c. russel lumbar special huang hospital microsurgical york ny k. practitioner daniel surgery new riew dr. mo louis st. washington dr. university weiner oh bradley david a. dr. akron k. spine denver co wong center denver||practitioners of microsurgical lumbar laminoplasty include dr. russel c. huang of the hospital for special surgery (new york, ny), dr. k. daniel riew of washington university (st. louis, mo), dr. bradley k. weiner (akron, oh), and dr. david a. wong of the denver spine center (denver, co).
open period cretaceous when ocean take different iapetus line suture laurentian slightly atlantic rock originally leave north other behind rock west part avalonian newfoundland europe remain||when the atlantic ocean opened, in the cretaceous period, it took a slightly different line from that of the iapetus suture, with some originally laurentian rocks being left behind in north-west europe and other, avalonian, rocks remaining as part of newfoundland.
follow self catalyze reaction chemical enzyme val52 cleave val74 asn53 n ala62 thr75 enzyme terminus participate phe63 stage later gene expression formation spore bacillus subtili||this enzyme catalyzes the following chemical reaction self-cleaves val52-asn53, ala62-phe63 and val74-thr75 at the n-terminus of spoivbthis enzyme participates in gene expression during the later stages of spore formation in bacillus subtilis.
speciman single quarry shale know rockie canadian raymond burgess fossil||it is known from a single fossil specimen from the raymond quarry in the burgess shale in the canadian rockies.
western indirect common m109 weapon most maneuver support fire armored infantry division brigade family mechanized||the m109 family is the most common western indirect-fire support weapon of maneuver brigades of armored and mechanized infantry divisions.
serve snyder california frederick a. american serve mexican legislature war army us||frederick a. snyder served in the california legislature and during the mexican-american war he served in the us army.
234 woolwich jean childhood guelph home speedyglass now street||jean's childhood home, 234 woolwich street in guelph, is now a speedyglass.
hurricane speciman after absent 1992 extirpated fear iniki||after hurricane iniki in 1992 this specimen was absent and feared extirpated.
hold plains great energy incorporated city company own kansas electric kansas missouri city utility power light energy llc company strategic energy company base management||great plains energy incorporated is a holding company based in kansas city, missouri that owns electric utility kansas city power and light company and strategic energy, llc, an energy management company.
plant biserrata freziera pentaphylacaceae family species||freziera biserrata is a species of plant in the pentaphylacaceae family.
famous site hampton springs burn 1954 hotel once||it was once the site of the famous hampton springs hotel which burned down in 1954.
constituency center town county torrington devon torrington||torrington was a county constituency centered on the town of torrington in devon.
bayburt province bayburt turkish turkey ili province||bayburt province (turkish: bayburt ili) is a province of turkey.
coworker join want create several cavedog different game type several try entertainment action concept play game decide first taylor title make role||joined by several of his coworkers from cavedog entertainment, taylor wanted to create a different type of game, and after trying several concepts they decided to make an action role-playing game as their first title.
group ring finger protein 6 protein encode human that pcgf6 gene polycomb||polycomb group ring finger protein 6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the pcgf6 gene.
bharatiya janata party member current||he is a current member of bharatiya janata party.
five grove consider percent seventy pacific historical home||seventy-five percent of the homes in pacific grove are considered historical.
district pallanza comune municipality verbania italian||pallanza is a district of the italian comune (municipality) of verbania.
although just set comic_strip states series movie television say columbia entirely british canada shoot united||although set in the united states, just like the comics and said television series, the movie was shot entirely in british columbia, canada.
mac version release 2002 u.s||in 2002 the mac version was released in the u.s..
win best clubman blues award 1996||in 1996 he won the best clubman award for the blues.
devise dubois head pablo project frans operations ico international trade meeting late geneva 1994 center itc bolvenkel||this project was devised by pablo dubois, head of operations of the ico and frans bolvenkel, of the international trade center (itc) at a meeting in geneva in late 1994.
add mode later grant build player advanced machinesmarsh complicated possibility build shotgun early davy praise paper compare version caricature 12th game rock century space version program kerbal bouncily science||later they added advanced build mode which grants the player the possibility to build complicated machinesmarsh davies of rock, paper, shotgun praised an early version of the game, comparing its "bouncily caricatured" science to a 12th-century version of kerbal space program.
professional match title different determine duo tag wrestling team - reign pre existing wrestler feud plot title involve award scripted storyline circumstance scripted||title reigns were determined either by professional wrestling matches with different tag teams, a duo of wrestlers, involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines or were awarded the title due to scripted circumstances.
line a locate district quadraro via rome intersection scribonio tuscolana via curione||it is on line a and is located in the quadraro district of rome, under the intersection of via tuscolana and via scribonio curione.
furaha river settlement county tana kenya||furaha is a settlement in kenya's tana river county.
village kara region bassar western north kotateou togo prefecture||kotateou is a village in the bassar prefecture in the kara region of north-western togo.
use seafood fish aquarium feed such feed cat pet small proportion domestic non use - use industrially food leather medicine purpose||some seafood is fed to aquarium fish, or used to feed domestic pets, such as cats, and a small proportion is used in medicine, or is used industrially for non-food purposes (leather).
crew however team wharton bachelors club row boathouse row 6 barge||the wharton crew team, however, rows out of bachelors barge club at #6 boathouse row.
compete sportscar previously challenge championship world united pirelli series american tire sports mans car other challenge continental le||having previously competed in the united sportscar championship, pirelli world challenge, american le mans series and continental tire sports car challenge amongst others.
science removal history political purge religion people undesirable organization power owner government consider whole society team||in history, religion and political science, a purge is a removal of people who are considered undesirable by those in power from a government, another organization, their team owners, or society as a whole.
festival entire texas encompass region southeast||the festival encompasses the entire southeast texas region.
vinyl influence indie 60 rock club band aberdare base sign acid records south broken jazz wales||the broken vinyl club were a 60s-influenced indie rock band based in aberdare in south wales and signed to acid jazz records.
elect officer statewide council also state commissioner executive member||as an executive officer elected statewide, the commissioner is also a member of the council of state.
student one residence university hall british northern also columbia name||it is also the name of one of the student residence halls at the university of northern british columbia.
resident former steny hoyer democratic notable house leader representatives united now states||a notable former resident was steny hoyer, now democratic leader of the united states house of representatives.
- sub only place theme take island prehistoric live where still creature fictional||the only fictional sub-theme took place on an island where prehistoric creatures still lived.
receive association alberta alumni university 2003 alumni award distinguished||in 2003, he received a university of alberta alumni association's distinguished alumni award.
guinea creation german new new territory guinea 1884 viceroy union list territory papua form territory guinea papua until 1945 new||this is a list of viceroys of the territory of new guinea, from its creation as german new guinea in 1884, until its union with the territory of papua in 1945 to form the territory of papua and new guinea.
november 19 cyril bear mountaineer french ski champange 1975||cyril champange (born november 19, 1975) is a french ski mountaineer.
uppsala 15 kilometer north locate||it is located 15 kilometers north of uppsala.
heighten state say other nation address demonstration security arroyo preparation restrict protest||others have said they may be in preparation to heighten security amid the state of the nation address by arroyo, which may restrict demonstrations and protest.
role play perlman dan ron hedaya e. brad freeman dourif wincott michael additional j.||additional roles are played by ron perlman, dan hedaya, j. e. freeman, brad dourif, and michael wincott.
ii row six grade terrace house set back hanford row list wimbledon london build 1760 wimbledon side common west||hanford row is a grade ii listed row of six terraced houses set back from the west side of wimbledon common, wimbledon, london, that was built in the 1760s.
conduct research center astrophysic geodesy solar system physics technology space||the center conducts research in astrophysics, solar system physics, geodesy, and space technology.
name sometimes rosolic acid c.i. 43800 corallin form aurin yellowish organic red compound crystal greenish luster deep metallic||aurin (c.i. 43800), sometimes named rosolic acid or corallin is an organic compound, forming yellowish or deep-red crystals with greenish metallic luster.
development resource minister remain 14 17 human october january 1980 1980||he remained minister of human resource development from 14 january 1980 to 17 october 1980.
work since 2003 uk||since 2003 they worked in the uk.
somewhat west petrov gill far southwest||somewhat farther to the west-southwest of petrov is gill.
favored nsw represent position where hooker||his favored position was as hooker, where he represented nsw.
germany zf sachs volkswagen formula inaugural support formula germany volkswagen season||formula volkswagen germany supported by zf sachs was the inaugural season of the formula volkswagen germany.
2004 galileo martins describe||it was described by martins & galileo in 2004.
22 ethan february actor bear son actor wayne wayne american third wife john pilar pallete 1962||ethan wayne (born february 22, 1962) is an american actor, son of actor john wayne and his third wife, pilar pallete.
stress structure affect cognition brain chronic||chronic stress can affect the brain structure and cognition.
genus north america siberia largely part northeastern confine||the genus is largely confined to north america and part of northeastern siberia.
1939 building 1941 only remodel 1976 construct remain presidency peter eleven clarence washington campus institution year structure||constructed in 1939-1941 and remodeled in 1976, the building is the only structure on the campus remaining from the eleven year presidency of peter clarence washington at the institution.
aca mexico market sell 1990 focus center beach 35 joe palacio store de store feature department hierro shopping||in the 1990s, aca joe focused on its market in mexico and was sold in over 35 shopping center and beach stores and featured in the palacio de hierro department stores.
fact conventional name base that often paint potter xenokles make vase identical||his conventional name is based on the fact that he often painted vases made by the potter xenokles, with whom he may be identical.
compete 400 2012 women meter 35th freestyle olympics heat summer finish time minute place next 5:40.29 nearly new competitor set slow record turkmenistan last||at the 2012 summer olympics, she competed in the women's 400 meter freestyle, finishing in 35th (last) place in the heats; her time of 5:40.29 was nearly a minute behind that the next slowest competitor, but set a new turkmenistan record.
finish two man cup good world event st. january 2010 third moritz||his best world cup finish was third in a two-man event at st. moritz in january 2010.
monique may bear 25 1966 female rugby union player former hirovanaa||monique hirovanaa (born 25 may 1966) is a former female rugby union player.
lupien april 20 leonard 1954 joseph sport retire bear gilles ice defenceman hockey agent canadian||joseph leonard gilles lupien (born april 20, 1954) is a sports agent and canadian retired ice hockey defenceman.
321 british class electric current rail ac multiple build emu unit alternate engineering works york three rail batch 1988 1991 limited british||the british rail class 321 alternating current (ac) electric multiple units (emu) were built by british rail engineering limited's york works in three batches between 1988 and 1991.
pakistani drama romantic milay air tum ary digital television||tum milay is a pakistani romantic television drama that aired on ary digital.
wing because right opposition socialism anarchism primarily marxism communism liberalism call progressivism social reactionary limit democracy power ultraconservative tendency status access new||they were called "right-wing" primarily because of their opposition to socialism, communism, marxism, anarchism, social democracy, progressivism and liberalism and their ultraconservative or reactionary tendencies which limited new access to power and status.
approval order automatically department department move||the order may be moved from department to department for approval automatically.
obey benedictum album most release records recent 2013 frontiers||her most recent album with benedictum is obey, released through frontiers records in 2013.
later have budget minute 6 117 cut tv million movie||it had a budget of $6 million and was later cut down to a 117-minute tv movie.
haggard novel adventure know primarily novelist||as a novelist, haggard is known primarily for his adventure novels.
church building school education annex add add building 1958 include 1926||the building includes a church school annex added in 1926 and an education building added in 1958.
student low income provide career opportunity start computer require target literacy mostly||it targets mostly low-income students and provides them an opportunity to start a career requiring computer literacy.
rolls merlin list royce variant||this is a list of rolls-royce merlin variants.
tenella species sea dorid less onchidoris slug nudibranch family shell gastropod onchidorididae marine mollusc||onchidoris tenella is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family onchidorididae.
deliver find ball umpire rule player call umpire say call ball contrary throwing no when||when a player is found by the umpire to have delivered the ball contrary to those rules, the umpire will call a no-ball and he is said to have been called for throwing.
formidable maritime power able control part northern strait heyday kingdom malacca||in its heyday the kingdom was a formidable maritime power, and was able to control the northern part of the malacca strait.
school union high california summerville high school tuolumne||summerville union high school is a high school in tuolumne, california.
. lt name||it is named for lt.
5 competitor win medal include total 8th finish 12 table one fiji gold medal||fiji competitors won a total of 5 medals (including one gold), and finished 8th (out of 12) on the medal table.
many operating taskbar behavior common today system||this behavior is common today in taskbars in many operating systems.
2012 reach olympics semi also final compete summer||he also competed in the 2012 summer olympics and reached the semi finals.
initiate south library association african sala 1970 initially publish africa only write south book qualify||initiated in 1970 by the south african library association (sala), initially only books written and published in south africa could qualify.
recently more effort useful technique mapping visualization minimal mappings minimize validation base present||more recently, a technique useful to minimize the effort in mapping validation and visualization has been presented which is based on minimal mappings.
crush die plant||some of the plants have died after being crushed.
host afb unit ellsworth wing also||the wing is also the "host unit" at ellsworth afb.
comedy drama direct american lloyd film bacon 1928||about is a 1928 american comedy drama film directed by lloyd bacon.
publish producer papers wednesdays pty weekly plains newspaper publications||the plains producer is a weekly newspaper published wednesdays by papers and publications pty.
vegas debut american album rock throat band barkmarket release studio triple x 1991 records noise||vegas throat is the debut studio album of the american noise rock band barkmarket, released in 1991 by triple x records.
stage faunal refer use sometimes fauna same animal fact term definition that layer find||the term faunal stage is sometimes used, referring to the fact that the same fauna (animals) are found throughout the layer (by definition).
20 least be at specie protosmia describe||there are at least 20 described species in protosmia.
area old stone contain date period ruin century 16th 13th century||the area contains old stone ruins dating to a period between the 13th century and the 16th century.
factor music television norwegian x talent contest singer draw aspire audition public show pop||x factor is a norwegian television music talent show contested by aspiring pop singers drawn from public auditions.
1965 canon law 1917 require when pope paul dean empower elect vi number six||this was required by canon law from 1917 until 1965, when pope paul vi empowered the six to elect the dean from among their number.
bear february indian h. lalbiakthanga footballer 11 midfielder i professional aizawl 1991 play league||h. lalbiakthanga (born 11 february 1991) is an indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for aizawl in the i-league.
power pixie seat low parnall british light originally single monoplane lympne uk design aircraft compete motor where 1923 fly norman successfully glider macmillan trial||parnall pixie was a low powered british single-seat monoplane light aircraft originally designed to compete in the lympne, uk trials for motor-gliders in 1923, where it was flown successfully by norman macmillan.
wgfy 1480 am serve carolina charlotte market radio north station||wgfy (1480 am) is a radio station serving the charlotte, north carolina, market.
run 43 172 name average game total player tournament edwards||with a total of 172 runs (an average of 43 per game), edwards was named player of the tournament.
pattern find contrast brown geckos gray silver white purplish marbling variety reddish hue black||the contrasted patterns of these geckos, marbling, are found in a variety of reddish-brown, gray, silver, white, black and purplish hues.
queens river tuross river partly river perennial locate catchment pound upper south coast region wales south new range australia||queens pound river, a partly perennial river of the tuross river catchment, is located in the upper ranges of the south coast region of new south wales, australia.
chrysostetha beetle species family odontocera cerambycidae||odontocera chrysostetha is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
branch nasrec station metro last line railway line home city johannesburg johannesburg johannesburg expo soccer center||nasrec is the last station on its branch line of the johannesburg metro railway line and is home to the johannesburg soccer city and johannesburg expo center.
cristiano dias know cristiano fagunde bear simply 25 commonly 1986 may footballer brazilian play most rico puerto recently fc soccer american north league||cristiano fagundes dias, commonly known simply as cristiano, (born may 25, 1986) is a brazilian footballer who most recently played for puerto rico fc in the north american soccer league.
tristis pantomallus family species cerambycidae beetle||pantomallus tristis is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
base college intent king 1993 research london establish genetic aid||established in 1993, it is based at king's college london with an intent of aiding genetic research.
2002 release also american include dtv set disney legends clip annette dvd funicello paul short feature story sing belle episode tall||it was also included on the 2002 dvd release disney's american legends dtv set clips of the short to annette funicello's tall paul and was featured in an episode of sing me a story with belle.
series four gymnast teen as train rocky mountain gymnastic know center rock revolve olympics training||the series revolves around four teen gymnasts as they train for the olympics at the rocky mountain gymnastic training center, known as the rock.
municipality bilo village serbia dimitrovgrad||bilo is a village in the municipality of dimitrovgrad, serbia.
bay feature mousetooth porch architrave pedimente cornice molding stair paneled delicate four front spandrel||it features a four bay pedimented front porch, a mousetooth cornice, architrave moldings, and a delicate stair with paneled spandrel.
that film have also idea watch settle process director film state khosrow conclude shooting myth shirin only||the director has also stated that, during the filming process, he had no idea what film they were watching, and settled on the khosrow and shirin myth only after shooting had concluded.
daily station express operate state norwegian train railways six serve||the station is served by six daily express trains operated by norwegian state railways.
sensor function sensory organ human robot base||sensors in robots are based on the functions of human sensory organs.
work also such legend such field b.b. king clarence davis johnny dr. taylor tyrone carter blue bobby bland john manhattans betty denise milton lasalle womack bobby wright little||fields has also worked with such legends such as b.b. king, clarence carter, dr. john, tyrone davis, johnny taylor, denise lasalle, bobby blue bland, betty wright, the manhattans, little milton and bobby womack.
player recruit wright key position districts brother oakleigh stephen versatile start club same||wright was versatile key position player, recruited from oakleigh districts, the same club his brother stephen started out at.
ride culminate splashdown rapid descent happen once more usually large normally just body water end drop||the ride usually culminates with a rapid descent and splashdown into a body of water, which may happen more than once (normally the largest drop being just before the end).
newspaper annex journal contain book locate basement building still education||an annex containing books, journals, and newspapers is still located in the basement of the education building.
bifrenaria normally place bifrenaria genus grandi actually part lacaena molecularly determined genus orchid||bifrenaria grandis is an orchid that is normally placed in the genus bifrenaria, but which has been molecularly determined to actually be a part of the genus lacaena.
college massachusetts lange then where move zoology retirement remain wheaton 1950 professor||lange then moved to wheaton college, massachusetts as a professor of zoology, where she remained until her retirement in 1950.
play minute 30 show set support beatle follow holloway brenda act curtis just band headhunters cannibal sounds such incorporate king||the beatles played for just 30 minutes at each show, following sets by support acts such as brenda holloway and the king curtis band, cannibal & the headhunters, and sounds incorporated.
channel replace january interactive launch channel mediteve occupy 2005 space same||the channel was launched in january 2005 to replace the interactive mediteve channel that occupied the same space.
kenya rugby union manage team national||the national team is managed by the kenya rugby union.
waterfall easan ban scotland||easan ban is a waterfall of scotland.
afl now dramatically british welsh english scottish expand league||the british afl has now dramatically expanded into the welsh, scottish and english leagues.
representatives states 1920 election member hold united united house states representatives 67th states house congress united select||the 1920 united states house of representatives elections, were held to select members of the united states house of representatives in the 67th congress of the united states.
make team 2016 peres debut african angolan national championship||peres made its debut in the angolan national team at the 2016 african championship.
rivet type plate create almain flexible germany 1500 armor||an almain rivet is a type of flexible plate armor created in germany in about 1500.
twelve mississippi reside natchez be when one entire 35 united millionaire states millionaire time||he was one of twelve millionaires residing near natchez, mississippi at a time when there were 35 millionaires in the entire united states.
town receive messer selma nc 2014 b. ernest award health services dedication department harrison renovation human center||in 2014, the town of selma received the ernest b. messer award by the nc department of health & human services for the dedication and renovation of the harrison center.
bear 28 november 1982 truro christopher harris calvin britain international speedway rider nickname bomber coventry bees cornwall kingdom great united||christopher calvin harris (born 28 november 1982) in truro, cornwall, nicknamed bomber, is a great britain international speedway rider for the coventry bees in the united kingdom.
vpn voip internet connect telephony extension opx virtual private connection instead networking implement area connect directly local network||in internet telephony, a voip vpn opx may be implemented by connecting an extension over a virtual private networking connection, instead of connecting it directly to the local area network.
book novelette contain story novella fellow nine introduction short together n. barry writer science malzberg second introduction individual fiction general story introductory author note||the book contains nine novellas, novelettes and short stories, together with an introduction by fellow science fiction writer barry n. malzberg and a second, general introduction and introductory notes on the individual stories by the author.
park increase estate building 1970s 1960 size new goldthorn||goldthorn park was increased in size with the building of new estates in the 1960s and 1970s.
star direct hathaway henry kim film ross john darby marshal u.s. wayne cogburn mattie rooster||the film was directed by henry hathaway and starred kim darby as mattie ross and john wayne as u.s. marshal rooster cogburn.
bracy former council opponent malvern terry mauch city ambulance member own company||mauch's opponent was terry bracy, a former city council member in malvern who owns an ambulance company.
station police serve birpara block madarihat||madarihat and birpara police stations serve this block.
day case anniversary accession proclamation throne monarch||in some cases it may be the day of, or the anniversary of, the proclamation of a monarch's accession to the throne.
last driving marauder rock album introduce synthethizer hard purely wane popularity unsuccessfully 1980s sound||marauder was the last of their albums that were purely hard, driving, rock - they unsuccessfully introduced synthethizers to their sound through the 1980s, and their popularity waned.
american studio debut hippo campus landmark album rock band||landmark is the debut studio album by american rock band hippo campus.
create music group 2003 1989||the group created music from 1989 until 2003.
henry father viii elizabeth commission contrast very royal new palace new great church be few domestic boom well house largely build eccleciastical due redistribution dissolution off land build||in contrast to her father henry viii, elizabeth commissioned no new royal palaces, and very few new churches were built, but there was a great boom in building domestic houses for the well-off, largely due to the redistribution of eccleciastical lands after the dissolution.
prayer light drama serial eng write duaa ali pakistani direct faizan ali wasiq||duaa (eng lit; prayer) is a pakistani drama serial written by wasiq ali and directed by ali faizan.
member 2009 australian legislative electorate fremantle assembly represent 2013 western||she was a member of the western australian legislative assembly from 2009 to 2013, representing the electorate of fremantle.
use ptk hash sha-1 signature medium consistency verification md5 purpose acquire calculate||ptk calculates a hash signature (using sha-1 and md5) for acquired media for verification and consistency purposes.
illinois united bloomingdale dupage village county 25 chicago mile states approximately west||bloomingdale is a village in dupage county, illinois, united states, approximately 25 miles west of chicago.
headquarter found california imc e. about cruz 1996 cease paul hoffman activity 2002 santa||headquartered in santa cruz, california, the imc was founded by paul e. hoffman about 1996 and ceased activity in 2002.
warwick news monday 3,218 3,439 friday daily saturday circulation||the circulation of the warwick daily news is 3,218 monday to friday and 3,439 on saturday.
tradition chandel ancestor woman muslim accord rajput as member disown other tribe marry such||according to their traditions, their ancestor, a chandel rajput married a muslim woman, and as such he was disowned by other members of his tribe.
solar charger permanently public place square park street such free public use instal||public solar chargers permanently installed in public places, such as parks, squares and streets, which anyone can use for free.
protein couple relate g mrg protein receptor that mas1l mas gene encode human||mas-related g-protein coupled receptor mrg is a protein that in humans is encoded by the mas1l gene.
small soil coiling prostrate corm fragrant have leave trimerous sometimes six blotch yellow flower flower inside few bottom brown||it has a small corm in the soil, a few prostrate coiling leaves, and fragrant, trimerous yellow flowers, sometimes with six brown blotches on the inside near the bottom of the flower.
hamlet hill civil parish chichester west milland district titty england sussex||titty hill is a hamlet in the civil parish of milland in the chichester district of west sussex, england.
trade zambia unions dominant union trade central zctu zambia congress federation||zambia congress of trade unions (zctu) is the dominant central trade union federation in zambia.
frank b. college carleton kellogg 1937 establish kellogg international foundation education relations 500,000 b. endowment frank||in 1937 frank b. kellogg established for carleton college the frank b. kellogg foundation for education in international relations with a $500,000 endowment.
use produce wireless model several various protocol principally bluetooth be||there are several models produced, using various wireless protocols, principally bluetooth.
two microdiplatys genus specie one only microdiplatys oculatus other||it is one of only two species in the genus microdiplatys, the other being microdiplatys oculatus.
locate kimutwa division konza location central county machakos||konza is located in kimutwa location of central division of machakos county.
henderson bear november arthur frederick fritz executive 29 1958 officer chief general motors president||frederick arthur "fritz" henderson (born november 29, 1958) was president and chief executive officer of general motors.
early play role error america book important document arm a. book base prove michael research fraudulent bellesiles later||he played an important early role in documenting errors in the book arming america by michael a. bellesiles, a book that was later proven to be based on fraudulent research.
murder there deport moshe auschwitz parent||moshe and his parents were deported to auschwitz and murdered there.
- academy hope trust manor learning part multi trust york||manor is part of the multi-academy trust hope learning trust, york.
cent export 24 2014 generation scotland||in 2014, scotland exported over 24 per cent of generation.
taufahema august lokoua bear 1969 play 4 lotoha'apai tongan major footballer league united tonga midfielder||lokoua taufahema (born 4 august 1969) is a tongan footballer who plays as a midfielder for lotoha'apai united in tonga major league.
many region understory forested rocky mountains common abundant plant area common||it is a common understory plant in many forested regions of the rocky mountains, being common to abundant in some areas.
previously college 2006 name gameday final||it was previously named college gameday final until 2006.
acclaim critical brother release 1992||brother, which was released to critical acclaim in 1992.
glay january dirkir bear 1 liberian footballer 1992 kohn lastly professional indonesian balikpapan play club side persiba 1 liga||dirkir kohn glay (born 1 january 1992) is a liberian professional footballer who lastly played for indonesian club side persiba balikpapan in the liga 1.
use cage instruct household object performer element architectural cardboard example magazine instrument floor book wooden frame window give largish||cage instructs the performers to use any household objects or architectural elements as instruments, and gives examples: magazines, cardboard, "largish books", floor, wooden frame of window, etc.
perform billboard version modestly number hot sixty reach 100 peak r&b us three chart single eleven number||this version performed modestly on the us billboard hot 100, peaking at number sixty-three, and reaching number eleven on the r&b singles chart.
un march heforshe women hozier perform ireland safe support song event||in march hozier performed the song at the un women heforshe event, supported by safe ireland.
bear anaxagorou british anthony poet 1983 march bear writer||anthony anaxagorou (born march 1983) is a british born poet and writer.
represent football gibraltar international team gibraltar association football national||the gibraltar national football team represents gibraltar in international association football.
return day day basis programming use failure sql result db2 computer codes sql program call diagnosis||sql return codes are used on a day-to-day basis for the diagnosis of programming failures as a result of sql calls by db2 computer programs.
main fish tourism agriculture mauranger power industry farming production||the main industries in mauranger are tourism, agriculture, fish farming and power production.
provide link list page detailed specie record canada moth||this page provides links to detailed lists of moth species that have been recorded in canada.
become club national hockey 2011 champion||with this club, he became national hockey champion in 2011.
lie parish greensand while ridge remainder vale half more north downs holmesdale divide||more than half of the parish lies on the greensand ridge, while the remainder is divided between the vale of holmesdale and the north downs.
san francesca order move eventually francisco||francesca eventually moves to san francisco in order to be with her.
parent pwll john brazell carmarthenshire mary colly llanelli||his parents were collier john brazell, and mary, of pwll, llanelli, carmarthenshire.
4 specific hardness 3.71.it 3.64 first gravity mohs describe have blagill 1824 mine north england occurrence name composition cumberland cumbria pennines||it has a mohs hardness of 4 and a specific gravity of 3.64 to 3.71.it was first described in 1824 for an occurrence in the blagill mine in north pennines, cumbria (cumberland), england, and named for its composition.
document begin originally publishing addition small company publish also printed book start periodical 2013||document originally began as a small publishing company, and in addition to books it has also published a printed periodical starting in 2013.
complex 1920 build states corporation war housing time united worker provide relate emergency housing 1916 i.the war war world national district list places 1990 register historic factory||the complex was built between 1916 and 1920 by the united states housing corporation to provide war-time emergency housing for workers in war-related factories, during world war i.the district was listed on the national register of historic places in 1990.
attorney state legal colorado chief officer colorado state law head department colorado colorado state general government department principal||the attorney general of the state of colorado is the chief legal officer for the state of colorado and the head of the colorado department of law, a principal department of the colorado state government.
michigan gain playground later life suffrage mother promote building playground movement know woman||after gaining women's suffrage in michigan, she promoted the building of playgrounds; later in life being known as the "mother of the playground movement."
bus width amount address determine system address memory||the width of the address bus determines the amount of memory a system can address.
13 ramen fuel 2016 october||fueled by ramen on october 13, 2016.
forsyth county salem schools system part paisley winston||paisley is a part of the winston-salem/forsyth county schools system.
fictional appear malekith american character marvel book comics publish accursed comic||malekith the accursed is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
originally secular dress formal eucharistic vestment roman derive empire christian century church survive era first fashion change after usage||like eucharistic vestments it derived originally from the formal secular dress of the roman empire in the first centuries of the christian era which survived in church usage after fashion had changed.
discuss if need object widget then liquid liquid so||so, if the object being discussed needs to be a liquid, then the widget is liquid.
become last album before release focus effort roger frontman career title next vibe solo troutman 1989 later zapp album release||the album became the last release before frontman roger troutman would focus his efforts on his solo career; their next album, titled zapp vibe would be released later in 1989.
although set matsenjwa heat athlete new national record progress||neither athletes progressed past their heats, although matsenjwa set a new national record.
many include suborder important nematode strongylida find ruminant swine gastrointestinal as horse hookworm ruminant tract lungworm cat dog well||the strongylida suborder includes many of the important nematodes found in the gastrointestinal tracts of ruminants, horses, and swine, as well as the lungworms of ruminants and the hookworms of dogs and cats.
aka organize sdn festival malaysian firm bhd place february balloon city polo ground take private limited||the festival, organized by aka balloon sdn bhd, a malaysian private limited firm, takes place every february at the city's polo ground.
life musician kej teach journey child india ricky icse 7th grade now english part syllabus textbook||ricky kej's life and journey as a musician is now taught to 7th grade children in india as part of the icse syllabus english textbooks.
later know canton khelat||the canton was later known as khelat.
community network institution religious member work coordinated other reach group specific civic dialog people message group plan way||members of institutions, community networks, civic and religious groups and others work in a coordinated way to reach specific groups of people for dialog with planned messages.
jimmy model sharma actor hindi punjabi indian film work||jimmy sharma is an indian actor and model who works in hindi and punjabi films.
food first cud chewing call round||after the first round of chewing, this food is called cud.
denmark ii grade list 381 house barking arms east london public ham road||the denmark arms is a grade ii listed public house at 381 barking road, east ham, london.
computer have cwo system programming great understanding||a cwo should have a great understanding of computers, systems, and programming.
size since additional annexing parish part parcel land ashley green previously chesham beauchamp increase drayton||the parish has since increased in size through the annexing of additional parcels of land which previously were part of chesham, ashley green and drayton beauchamp.
seven match play oxford club 1966 1967 class first university cricket||he played seven first-class matches for oxford university cricket club between 1966 and 1967.
community kasie south fm base station radio african surround ekurhuleni ekurhuleni cater resident area||kasie fm is a south african community radio station based in ekurhuleni, which caters for all the residents of ekurhuleni and the surrounding areas.
2point9 records 2004 12 october release||it was released on october 12, 2004 on 2point9 records.
4f initiation factor eukaryotic bind complex heterotrimeric eif4f 5 protein messenger mrnas eukaryotic rnas promote initiation cap translation||eukaryotic initiation factor 4f (eif4f) is a heterotrimeric protein complex that binds the 5' cap of messenger rnas (mrnas) to promote eukaryotic translation initiation.
low national election union country 28 turnout average national % european election 68 where eu whether differ deficit how if democratic remedied eu.opinion exist||this is the lowest of any national election in the 28 countries of the european union where turnout at national elections averages 68% across the eu.opinions differ as to whether the eu has a democratic deficit or how it should be remedied if it exists.
arab hms program torpedo 1896 1897 class british navy royal destroyer boat b||hms arab (1896 to 1897 program) was a b-class torpedo boat destroyer of the british royal navy.
friendless historic places register 2003 national list home||home of the friendless was listed on the national register of historic places in 2003.
james turner cb general cummins major 1843 october dso 12 british 1912 officer 24 indian army october serve military||major-general james turner cummins cb dso (12 october 1843 - 24 october 1912) was a british military officer who served in the indian army.
clockwork wound also illustrated short child novel pullman philip clockwork call 1996 united publish first doubleday kingdom||clockwork (also called clockwork, or all wound up) is an illustrated short children's novel by philip pullman, first published in the united kingdom in 1996 by doubleday.
art film director 2009 short healing documentary ellen frick||a healing art is a 2009 short documentary film from director ellen frick.
multi hughenden area sport - venue scotland glasgow hyndland||hughenden is a multi-sports venue in the hyndland area of glasgow, scotland.
laurence obe bear bennett 1940 brian green palmers england english drummer north february producer composer pianist popular london music 9||brian laurence bennett obe (born 9 february 1940 in palmers green, north london, england) is an english drummer, pianist, composer and producer of popular music.
do when - test non often stress other indication nst reactive non obstetrical||it is often done when a non-stress test (nst) is non reactive, or for other obstetrical indications.
make extensive use fw transport 200 luftwaffe also||the luftwaffe also made extensive use of the fw 200 as a transport.
sibley williams december 1978 john 7 poet fiction bear writer american melrose ma||john sibley williams (born december 7, 1978, melrose, ma) is an american poet and fiction writer.
lead silje organization lundberg||the organization is led by silje lundberg.
have elaborate ceiling one domed decoration lotus leaf||one of them has a domed ceiling with an elaborate lotus leaf decoration.
scottish gaelic singer tour julie band fowlis||he tours with the scottish gaelic singer julie fowlis' band.
maynard bear 16 patricia british february actress 1942||patricia maynard (born 16 february 1942) is a british actress.
comprise draw team 13 sydney area currently metropolitan||it currently comprises 13 teams drawn from the sydney metropolitan area.
good first drag new single first become band feel major republic universal surrender label album||"feel good drag" became the first single from new surrender, which was the band's first album on major label universal republic.
human two play computer opponent||it can be played either by two humans, or with a computer opponent.
bear chiara 1984 american songwriter angelicola singer know september musical work musician motel most bird 15 call pools notably project||chiara angelicola (born september 15, 1984) is an american singer-songwriter and musician, known for her work in the musical projects motel pools and most notably bird call.
work sunset editor good senior provider magazine firm design 2008.arieff consulting b.a. history content california ideo 2006 los angeles hold university university art davis m.a. history california||she has been an editor at sunset, worked at good magazine and was a senior content provider for the design and consulting firm ideo from 2006-2008.arieff holds a b.a. in history from university of california, los angeles, and an m.a. in art history from university of california, davis.
river crystal school florida 1969 river crystal build high||crystal river high school was built in crystal river, florida, in 1969.
lenticular barred galaxy 60 million ngc locate away 4479 coma light year berenices constellation about||ngc 4479 is a barred lenticular galaxy located about 60 million light-years away in the constellation of coma berenices.
dress replace uniform marine share army air battle corps force navy||it replaces the battle dress uniform, which the marine corps had shared with the navy, army and air force.
open museum 1996 july 4||the museum opened on july 4, 1996.
form festival first musician original blue band amy attack amy create essential hart trio perform music late 1980 hart||after performing as a blues musician at festivals, she formed her first original music band, amy hart and the attack, before creating amy hart and the essential trio in the late 1980s.
lineup tour mccartney laine paul linda denny mccullough wing denny henry seiwell||wings' lineup for the tour was paul and linda mccartney, denny laine, henry mccullough, and denny seiwell.
2018 announce half sixth july season 17 third show august 14 premiere 2018||on july 17, 2018, it was announced of the show's third half of the sixth season to premiere on august 14, 2018.
artist jamie draw bear smart creator||it is drawn by artist jamie smart, the creator of bear.
bifurcate veterinary horticulture department 2008 animal husbandry science krishi set vishwa vidyalaya jnkvv nehru jawaharlal department||it was set up in 2008 by bifurcating the horticulture department and the veterinary science & animal husbandry department out of jawaharlal nehru krishi vishwa vidyalaya (jnkvv).
emersaria geometridae moth chiasmia family||chiasmia emersaria is a moth of the family geometridae.
compare since major evolutionary change other change little division plant jurassic||they have changed little since the jurassic, compared to some major evolutionary changes in other plant divisions.
2015 maria film labo roi philippine thriller vinzon direct||maria labo is a 2015 philippine thriller film directed by roi vinzon.
plateau area adamawa highland stratovolcano ngaoundere region nganha cameroon||nganha is a stratovolcano on the ngaoundere plateau, a highland area in the adamawa region of cameroon.
operation since presently four 1884 have full tramline network||in operation since 1884, the network presently has four full tramlines.
michel typical score period rhythm colombier modern brass mix instrument piano||the score from michel colombier is typical from this period, mixing piano, modern rhythms and brass instruments.
news science publication opinion report magazine science write non generally audience periodical expert -||a science magazine is a periodical publication with news, opinions and reports about science, generally written for a non-expert audience.
football association club a.c. tombolo italian veneto tombolo locate||a.c. tombolo was an italian association football club located in tombolo, veneto.
law american agency wsq enforcement storage efficient compress image most inch ppi 500 fingerprint use pixel||most american law enforcement agencies use wsq for efficient storage of compressed fingerprint images at 500 pixels per inch (ppi).
fundamental edward lead new science that unification propose exact science newton other kepler physics result quantitative investigation change grant physical natural phenomena cause||edward grant has proposed that a fundamental change leading to the new sciences was the unification of the exact sciences and physics by kepler, newton, and others, which resulted in a quantitative investigation of the physical causes of natural phenomena.
salisbury bishop nephew salisbury king chancellor england roger nigel henry i also bishop ely relate||he was the nephew of roger of salisbury, a bishop of salisbury and chancellor of england under king henry i, and he was also related to nigel, bishop of ely.
formerly know unesco ihe delft ihe 2003 create ihe education previous water institute||ihe delft was formerly known as unesco-ihe institute for water education, which was created in 2003 from the previous ihe.
create fulvic extremely small million influence quantity work acid decay microbe soil matter environment plant oxygen useful sufficient||fulvic acid is created in extremely small quantities under the influence of millions of useful microbes, working on the decay of plant matter in a soil environment with sufficient oxygen.
become 29 first serve 2016 july become bjp commission officer territorial regular army parliament member||on 29 july 2016 he became the first serving bjp member of parliament to become a regular commissioned officer in the territorial army.
station eyemouth transmit tall 46 radio use tower meter||eyemouth transmitting station uses a 46 meter tall radio tower.
also zapp mallet emmanuel recording papa zapp know engineer ghanaian producer music||emmanuel zapp mallet, also known as "zapp" or "papa" is a ghanaian recording engineer and music producer.
refried 2 volume release compilation switch july single rarity 1995 ectoplasm stereolab||refried ectoplasm (switched on volume 2), released in july 1995, is a compilation by stereolab of singles and rarities.
queen lady cathedral el name obeid give africa cathedral church function catholic cathedral religious town belong el locate capital kordofan building heart obeid sudan country african north||our lady queen of africa cathedral or cathedral of el obeid is the name given to a religious building belonging to the catholic church, and functions as a cathedral located in the town of el obeid, capital of north kordofan, in the heart of the african country of sudan.
denmark intelligence democracy unit rate economist 2016 full||the economist intelligence unit rated denmark as "full democracy" in 2016.
rowland elko nevada states county town ghost united||rowland is a ghost town in elko county, nevada in the united states.
2008 federal commission cooperation u.s october software 14 botnet freeze owner asset marshal trade track||on october 14, 2008, the u.s federal trade commission, in cooperation with marshal software, tracked down the owners of the botnet and froze their assets.
1980 begin drive hard since embed late disk ship knowledge good controller have geometry false geometry physical e.g. report actually computer large more addressable gain space head number present||since late 1980s, hard drives begun shipping with an embedded disk controller that had good knowledge of the physical geometry; they would report a false geometry to the computer, e.g. a larger number of heads than actually present, to gain more addressable space.
series past mine television as credit arm include highlander series well episode alienated andromeda instinct godiva killer||his past credits have included the television series these arms of mine, as well as episodes of highlander: the series, andromeda, alienated, killer instinct and godiva's.
sudheesh baiju jagadish innocent dev film rajan pappu star oduvil jose pallissery m.s.thrippunnithra vinodhini akshara unnikrishnan kuthiravattom p kurup nine zeenath aranmula ponnamma kaviyoor ponnamma||the film stars jagadish, innocent, sudheesh, baiju, rajan p dev, kuthiravattom pappu, oduvil unnikrishnan,m.s.thrippunnithra, jose pallissery, vinodhini, akshara, nine kurup, kaviyoor ponnamma,zeenath, aranmula ponnamma etc .
celithemis status ornata least concern conservation iucn specie lc immediate threat survival||the iucn conservation status of celithemis ornata is "lc", least concern, with no immediate threat to the species' survival.
meter represent hurdle 2015 400 championships norway athletics heat world woman eliminate||she represented norway in the women's 400 meters hurdles at the 2015 world championships in athletics, but was eliminated in the heats.
old second america family yuengling d. own old son become large minnesota brewery when brewery buy belt grain company 2002 g. right||it is the second oldest family-owned brewery in america (after d. g. yuengling & son) and became the oldest and largest brewery in minnesota when the company bought the grain belt rights in 2002.
20,000 foot long 66,000 meter bridge girder complete c215 40 cost viaduct million 2003 box||c215 viaduct is a 20,000-meter (66,000-foot) long box girder bridge completed in 2003, with a cost of around us$40 million.
1990 late demolish building eventually||the building was eventually demolished in the late 1990s.
own also village have brownie pack||the village also has its own brownie pack.
absolutely scene report know band zippo often photo record low grainy cheap show story quality due rant review comic_strip photocopying more editorial artwork||absolutely zippo was known for scene reports, record and show reviews, band photos (often grainy and low-quality due to cheap photocopying), stories, comics, rants, editorials, artwork and more.
netherlands top top 20 10 reach belgium||it reached the top 10 in the netherlands and the top 20 in belgium.
september hilliker 2000 brooke american actress bear dancer model kalani 23||kalani brooke hilliker (born september 23, 2000) is an american dancer, actress, and model.
32 week last chart overall||it lasted 32 weeks on the overall chart.
war include album single word 16 find||the album includes the singles "16 @ war" and "can't find the words".
become swan city symbol||the swan has become a symbol of the city.
three novellas wolfe times nero rex bantam stout 1985 books posthumously publish collection||times three is a collection of nero wolfe novellas by rex stout, published posthumously by bantam books in 1985.
link apply schedule chain final positive unconditioned stimulus reinforcer link aversive often||this is often applied in chain link schedules, with the final link being the aversive stimulus or positive (unconditioned) reinforcer.
army icao airfield iata grf gray lid faa know aaf also kgrf military grf airfield gray joint locate mcchord base lewis lewis formerly tacoma washington county fort states united pierce||gray army airfield (iata: grf, icao: kgrf, faa lid: grf), also known as gray aaf, is a military airfield located within joint base lewis-mcchord (formerly fort lewis) near tacoma, in pierce county, washington, united states.
appearance castilleja wavy other margin stickiness variable leave distinguishable specie||they are variable in appearance but distinguishable from other castilleja species by the wavy margins and stickiness of the leaves.
trump organization various constituent have have interest company development investing estate real property marketing brokerage management sale partnership||the trump organization, through its various constituent companies and partnerships, has or has had interests in real estate development, investing, brokerage, sales and marketing, and property management.
come replace ribozyme enzyme because great protein base monomer abundance make more diversity rna versatile biocatalyst||protein enzymes may have come to replace rna-based ribozymes as biocatalysts because their greater abundance and diversity of monomers makes them more versatile.
intracranial hypertension commonly disk swell occur optic bilaterally most||in intracranial hypertension, the optic disk swelling most commonly occurs bilaterally.
clan well rule umar zahir autonomous - sheikhdom semi galilee other known palestine 18th al century part||they were well known for being the clan of zahir al-umar, who ruled a semi-autonomous sheikhdom in the galilee and other parts of palestine in the 18th century.
branch bush name settler greenbush property green||greenbush branch was named after the green bush on a settler's property.
use identification when tax employment rather reporting refer identification taxpayer usually number number purpose when report usually use tin ein taxis employment refer||when the number is used for identification rather than employment tax reporting, it is usually referred to as a taxpayer identification number (tin), and when used for the purposes of reporting employment taxes, it is usually referred to as an ein.
have version up june c java # perl date smalltalk php python 2005||as of june 2005, it has up-to-date versions for java, c#, python, perl, php and smalltalk.
north league world success eastern war prior i vote league football 1919||after success in the north eastern league prior to world war i, they were voted into the football league in 1919.
multi - sport ifk stockholm stockholm sweden club||ifk stockholm is multi-sports club in stockholm, sweden.
start competition season fr yugoslavia second league||the competition started this season as second league of fr yugoslavia.
pandemonic third extreme metal polish studio behemoth band incantations album||pandemonic incantations is the third studio album by polish extreme metal band behemoth.
show fertility also bull know epithet have vulture aspect||he also is shown to have fertility aspects, being known by the epithet of "bull of vultures".
western very much jewish sound art non one western music jewish style principle period write - western create accord||the western jewish art music sounds very much like the western non-jewish one, and is written according to the western style principles of the period its created in.
release album 1967 records bob produce rca ferguson victor june||the album was released in june 1967 on rca victor records and was produced by bob ferguson.
cricket seventeenth sixes kong cricket sixes take place edition hong kowloon cricket hong club kong kong hong||hong kong cricket sixes was the seventeenth edition of the hong kong cricket sixes, taking place at kowloon cricket club, hong kong.
2015 press live ethically yale philosopher peter moral book describe singer university idea argue effective altruism bioethicist||about living ethically is a 2015 yale university press book by moral philosopher and bioethicist peter singer describing and arguing for the ideas of effective altruism.
exception anarcho capitalist ownership mean production anarchist anti - capitalist accept private||with the exception of anarcho-capitalists who accept private ownership of the means of production, anarchists are anti-capitalists.
multi - sport ifk stockholm stockholm sweden club||ifk stockholm is multi-sports club in stockholm, sweden.
thomas carlisle atherton east pa h. 271 nrhp washington stroudsburg east armory st. list atherton stroudsburg h. thomas nrhp pa armory list 280 st. atherton market thomas kingston nrhp h. kingston mansfield park pa smythe pa atherton list thomas armory mansfield nrhp list 133 armory h. milton ave ridge||carlisle, pa (atherton,thomas h.), nrhp-listed east stroudsburg armory, 271 washington st. east stroudsburg, pa (atherton,thomas h.), nrhp-listed kingston armory, 280 market st. kingston, pa (atherton,thomas h.), nrhp-listed mansfield armory, smythe park mansfield, pa (atherton,thomas h.), nrhp-listed milton armory, 133 ridge ave.
1970 midway season debut year first make award best win player||he made his debut midway through the 1970 season and won their 'best first year player award'.
also audio do ender technique only such radio medium podcasting double||the double-ender technique can also be done with audio-only mediums, such as radio or podcasting.
mark coin inscription mint symbol letter where coin produce mint indicate||a mint mark is a letter, symbol or an inscription on a coin indicating the mint where the coin was produced.
hold harness record most zealand 47 win race new||she holds the record for the most wins in harness races in new zealand, with 47.
faith student require require sign sixteen chapel statement attend semester service||students are not required to sign a statement of faith, but are required to attend sixteen chapel services per semester.
bear sampey sampey monique angelle 7 angelle 1970 august louisiana stock motorcycle american new pro racer orleans||angelle sampey, born angelle monique sampey, august 7, 1970, new orleans, louisiana, is an american pro stock motorcycle racer.
brother legend texas company good young sporting andrews william also rooster ceo||he's also the younger brother of texas legend, and sporting goods company ceo, william "rooster" andrews.
euphorbiaceae family describe genus genus first plant 1925 pantadenia||pantadenia is a genus of plants under the family euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1925.
poetry day modern afghanistan root mostly write call region have dari persian ancient pashto||poetry of the modern-day region called afghanistan has ancient roots, which is mostly written in dari (persian) and pashto.
accord survey evolution thompson pucci contemporary 2003 work austen 150 20th year jane final century turn work collect publication one hundred sequel publish continuation novel rewriting first||according to pucci and thompson in their 2003 survey on the contemporary evolution of jane austen's work, at the turn of the 20th century (over 150 years after the final publication of her first collected works), over one hundred sequels, rewritings, and continuations of her novels had been published.
attain 319 john officer centurion suddenly rank great sorrow die||by 319 john had attained the officer rank of centurion, but to her great sorrow, had died suddenly.
begin 21 schedule end april october 2018 2018 championship||the championship began on 21 april 2018 and is scheduled to end in october 2018.
diplomat canadian former morantz aubrey||aubrey morantz is a canadian former diplomat.
consist medication track feeler studio nine thirteen piece album live performance version concert album||the album consists of the studio version of "without medication", a track from her album feeler, and the nine performances from the thirteen-piece live concert.
correctional inmate women female house nebraska center||all female inmates are housed at the nebraska correctional center for women.
2012 relegate season shelbourne 2013 league bottom premier division finish survive ireland||after surviving for the 2012 season, shelbourne were relegated after finishing bottom of the 2013 league of ireland premier division.
b b77 serotype hla hla b77||hla-b77 (b77) is an hla-b serotype.
form federation dayak 1919 title current rename formerly 1984 know||formerly known as the dayak federation, it was formed in 1919 and renamed to its current title in 1984.
union school district school victor district valley high victor vvuhsd county san southern bernardino valley california||victor valley union high school district (vvuhsd) is a school district in the victor valley of san bernardino county, southern california.
liam play retire midfielder carroll team irish senior offaly hurler||liam carroll is an irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the offaly senior team.
debut number one become chart group singles uk chart first top single song||the song debuted at number one on the uk singles chart, becoming the group's first chart-topping single.
stewart form jackie compete prix formula one 1999 grand 1996 1997||in 1996, he and jackie formed stewart grand prix, which competed in formula one from 1997 to 1999.
beautiful have water||it has beautiful water.
california university program director davis creative program writing||she is the program director for the university of california, davis creative writing program.
bear dong 1986 february butterfly swimmer 4 chinese||dong (born 4 february 1986) is a chinese butterfly swimmer.
co husband cheebo owner cuisine organic american sandro restaurant - angeles los food||she and her husband sandro are co-owners of cheebo, an american cuisine organic food restaurant in los angeles.
antler geologic peak nevada formation formation||the antler peak formation is a geologic formation in nevada.
supporter coleman labor star 2014 david party political labor uk un cameron party - credible broadcast man shrinking||in 2014, labor supporter coleman starred as david cameron in the labor party (uk) party political broadcast, the un-credible shrinking man.
jubilee president danquah addo addo rename akuffo house 2018 march 29th nana||it was renamed jubilee house by president nana addo danquah akuffo addo on 29th march 2018.
input 1 example tie logical assure test defect that state manufacture type generation find behavior pattern specific test||for example, an input is tied to a logical 1 state during test generation to assure that a manufacturing defect with that type of behavior can be found with a specific test pattern.
top three finish have include also other runner 1983 dutch victorian open 1986 3rd 1987 australian klm up masters open place||he also had some other top three finishes including runner-up in both the 1983 klm dutch open and the 1986 victorian open, and 3rd place in the 1987 australian masters.
county southwest onondaga syracuse spafford corner southwest||spafford is in the southwest corner of onondaga county and is southwest of syracuse.
visit traditionally mortar shopping brick store product examine involve also do availability time internet online window commerce - e recent||traditionally, window shopping involves visiting a brick-and-mortar store to examine a product but is also done online in recent times due to the availability of the internet and e-commerce.
french article horn use focus||this article focuses on the use of the french horn.
farth right state farth state represent leave worship evil freedom individual prefer ultimate||the farthest right is "state worship" and the farthest left represents the state as the "ultimate evil", preferring individual freedom.
makerere medical 1924 university since school part||the medical school has been part of makerere university since 1924.
collection feature character story eight jeeves wooster other half concern pepper early bertie bertie while reggie wooster popular prototype||of the eight stories in the collection, half feature the popular characters jeeves and bertie wooster, while the others concern reggie pepper, an early prototype for bertie wooster.
california earn fiction good 1977 award medal literature||it earned her the california literature medal award for best fiction in 1977.
alone often use most refer chr format chr pop||used alone, chr most often refers to the chr-pop format.
genus family geometridae xynonia moth||xynonia is a genus of moth in the family geometridae.
fourth album crystal recording lena artist sky german landrut meyer studio||crystal sky is the fourth studio album by german recording artist lena meyer-landrut.
two family operate be 1911 lobster two factory||by 1911 there were two families that operated two lobster factories.
be building single four story also several one tall story||there are also several single-story buildings and one that is four stories tall.
early various paleolithic painting 2006 excavation august find archeological - grouping figurative iconographic group make red non isolated cave series dot small form||early in august 2006, various paleolithic cave paintings were found during an archeological excavation - a non-figurative iconographic grouping made up of smaller groups of red dots, either isolated or forming a series.
adelaide locate suburb south southern australia||it is located in the southern suburbs of adelaide, south australia.
republic national establish rugby broaden czech team rugby skill compete team number team slavic league host competition cup 2006 union||the czech republic national rugby league team were established to broaden the skills of the rugby union team the team has competed in a number of competitions and hosted the slavic cup in 2006.
title create newborough peerage ireland twice||newborough is a title that has been created twice in the peerage of ireland.
thijs january lutgarde bear 2 neerpelt belgian 1962 mid-1980 canoer sprint compete||lutgarde thijs (born 2 january 1962 in neerpelt) is a belgian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1980s.
oscar 84 naval academy psat u.s. satellite radio satellite technology radio amateur parkinsonsat packet demonstration||parkinsonsat, psat or naval academy oscar 84, is a u.s. technology demonstration satellite and an amateur radio satellite for packet radio.
catalyze decarboxylase odc ornithine decarboxylation cycle enzyme ornithine form urea product putrescine||the enzyme ornithine decarboxylase (odc) catalyzes the decarboxylation of ornithine (a product of the urea cycle) to form putrescine.
medical anemia occur iron deficiency latent deficiency condition call lid anemia iron erythropoiesis ide deficient iron||before anemia occurs, the medical condition of iron deficiency without anemia is called latent iron deficiency (lid) or iron-deficient erythropoiesis (ide).
first series game release dos||the first games in the series were released for dos.
draft 2011 pick 52 recruit national||he was recruited in the 2011 national draft, with pick #52.
family automolis genus erebidae moth||automolis is a genus of moths in the family erebidae.
october 9 wansley 1961 stage well bear name mike american know singer wanz teewanz rapper songwriter||"mike" wansley (born october 9, 1961), better known by his stage names wanz and teewanz, is an american singer, songwriter and rapper.
describe bates 1933 marston||it was described by marston bates in 1933.
humor briefer american book time schulman astronomer eric science history||a briefer history of time is a science humor book by the american astronomer eric schulman.
such accessory screen list miniature also deck card||accessories such as card decks, screens and miniatures are also not listed.
280 one day run score top score 55||he scored 280 one day runs, with a top score of 55.
species streptococcus peroris streptococcus||streptococcus peroris is a species of streptococcus.
april gornik ohio american bear paint american landscape artist 1953 cleveland||april gornik (born 1953, cleveland, ohio) is an american artist who paints american landscapes.
educate graphic architecture||he was educated in graphic and architecture.
pet popular also states united turtle popular pet rest world most||it is the most popular pet turtle in the united states and is also popular as a pet in the rest of the world.
oceania ipc 2016 asia championship championship hold continental kind athletics first stadium uae police club march 12 march 7 dubai dubai||ipc athletics asia-oceania championship 2016 was its first kind of continental championship held at dubai police club stadium, dubai, uae from march 7 to march 12.
critical receive acclaim paul cast lead end medieval rainier epic 2009 warrior stiff award give mt.||paul received critical acclaim for leading the cast in the medieval epic warrior's end, which was given the mt. rainier award at the 2009 stiff.
quite kosovo rich white mediterranean exposure drin valley climate biodiversity||the biodiversity of kosovo is quite rich due to the exposure to mediterranean climate through the white drin valley.
today exist library film collection congress preserve||the film exists today, preserved in the library of congress collection.
lead marr support young la lyon female barbara ben||barbara la marr was the female lead supported by young ben lyon.
andy grant retire bear distance middle 7 vincent 1984 june grenadines runner saint||andy grant (born june 7, 1984) is a retired middle distance runner from saint vincent and the grenadines.
trades union congress affiliate party building as labor workers wood well international wood european federation efbww workers building||it was affiliated to the trades union congress and the labor party, as well as to the building and wood workers' international and the efbww, european federation of building and wood workers.
aircraft other showcase event gcc country||aircraft from other gcc countries are showcased at the event.
1988 one ayala corporation project flagship open||it opened in the 1988 and is one of ayala corporation's flagship projects.
get singe also tv work act commercial||she also got work singing tv commercials and acting.
animate direct avery walt here clinton tex preston blair louie schmitt grant musical clinton simmons scott direction walter bradley credit||it was directed by tex avery, animated by walt clinton (here credited as walter clinton), preston blair, louie schmitt, and grant simmons, and musical direction by scott bradley.
plant flavescen climbing berchemia rhamnaceae family||berchemia flavescens is a climbing plant in the family rhamnaceae.
jubilee documentary golden economics research assam economist assam officially 2014 litterateur pioneer commemorate release film first assamese book 50 completion economy assam pioneer economist principal year deka assam bhabananda publication||a documentary film golden jubilee of assam economics research & pioneer assam economist-litterateur was officially released in 2014 commemorating completion of 50 years of publication of first assamese book on economy of assam by the pioneer assam economist principal bhabananda deka.
other blacklock file case protection several still await trial paywall||blacklocks has filed several other paywall protection cases that are still awaiting trial.
screenplay head direct film james dorff nicollette nelson matt mcarthur star debbe judd holland dunning sheridan taylor alex||the film was directed by james head with a screenplay by matt dorff, and stars nicollette sheridan, judd nelson, alex mcarthur, debbe dunning and holland taylor.
arch interest over research australian medium issue australian nationalism culture film popular celebrity audience radio study talkback include television role era - increasingly dominate broadcast new format post such internet media||his over-arching research interests include australian film and media, issues in australian nationalism, popular culture, celebrity, talkback radio, audience studies, and the role of television in a post-broadcast era increasingly dominated by new media formats such as the internet.
charles pepys while 1680 hide tell that pass parliamentarian tree samuel directly soldier||charles told samuel pepys in 1680 that while he was hiding in the tree, a parliamentarian soldier passed directly below it.
have focus forum development active site software||the site has an active forum which focuses on developments in software.
originally united class tacoma order states frigate uss transfer hornby navy pf-82 royal completion prior navy patrol||she originally was ordered by the united states navy as the tacoma-class patrol frigate uss hornby (pf-82) and was transferred to the royal navy prior to completion.
representative 1995 contest dreamin succeed irish eddie friel||it was succeeded as irish representative at the 1995 contest by eddie friel with "dreamin'".
combine soil tillage conventional protect dry till advantage disturb only portion soil seed row warm contain benefit soil||it combines the soil drying and warming benefits of conventional tillage with the soil-protecting advantages of no-till by disturbing only the portion of the soil that is to contain the seed row.
that plastic fish more suggest researcher 2050 weight ocean||some researchers suggest that by 2050 there could be more plastic than fish in the oceans by weight.
direct edward clug dancer choreographer romanian||it was directed by romanian dancer and choreographer edward clug.
united kingdom eye birmingham x film||an eye on x was filmed in birmingham, united kingdom.
first blu release dvd 2014 ray 17 september season||the first season was released on blu-ray and dvd on september 17, 2014.
future version london bootleg remix papua new sound uk whitelabel 2004 release guinea||a bootleg version of a remix of future sound of london's "papua new guinea" was released on whitelabel in uk in 2004.
national buffalo also hockey finance sabers league arena midland marine now keybank center know help||he also helped the national hockey league buffalo sabers finance marine midland arena (now known as keybank center).
call net kenken bush meat forest market transport house||bush meat is transported in a net, called kenken, from the forest to the house and markets.
office 1998 first take mark history also government time when incumbent korean power opposition surrender peacefully||when he took office in 1998, it also marked the first time in korean history that an incumbent government peacefully surrendered power to the opposition.
test know intracarotid also wada procedure cerebral establish language amobarbital hemisphere memory representation sodium isap||the wada test, also known as the intracarotid sodium amobarbital procedure (isap) establishes cerebral language and memory representation of each hemisphere.
paper collaborate number west resources survey south tasmania||she collaborated on a number of papers for the south west tasmania resources survey.
handwritten edition correction early 1970 release addition||an edition with handwritten corrections and additions was released in the early 1970s.
committee introduction ajc publish executive ajc american director david jewish a. harris||it was published by the american jewish committee (ajc) with an introduction by ajc executive director david a. harris.
several drumming explosive rod stewart solo jimmy clip barnes concert exist||several clips exist of his explosive drumming solos during rod stewart and jimmy barnes concerts.
available other system similar most while collar design dog common domestic animal||while similar systems are available for other animals, the most common are the collars designed for domestic dogs.
literary american review press latin found writing creative literary criticism publish english 1980 translate||the latin american literary review press was founded in 1980 and has published creative writing and literary criticism that has been translated into english.
inaugural group cultural jointly aladin 2000 meeting 4 chair anwar 2 2000 yasmin strategy 4 jennette arnold 2002 london||the meetings of the inaugural cultural strategy group for london were jointly chaired by aladin between 2000-4, by yasmin anwar between 2000-2 and by jennette arnold between 2002-4.
commonly transport good material use||it is commonly used for the transport of goods and materials.
co - write brother mark denial league wada book traumatic fainaru national injury football league earn fainaru brain espn pen brother writing 2014 literary award sports||he co-wrote league of denial with his brother mark fainaru-wada, a book about traumatic brain injury in the national football league, which earned fainaru and his brother the 2014 pen/espn award for literary sports writing.
blow continual generate gas amount air small fuel when gas combustion unburned gas combustion piston that leak chamber ring gap piston is crankcase blow ring cause build there pressure end in||the blow-by gasses are generated when a small but continual amount of gasses (air, unburned fuel, combustion gasses) leak from the combustion chamber past the piston rings, that is, blow by them, and the piston ring gaps to end up inside the crankcase, causing pressure to build up in there.
while important crop cassava most important coffee product sweet rice other potato clove||the most important crop is cassava, while other important products are coffee, cloves, sweet potatoes and rice.
general support internet grow industrial cloud server electric plan app store thing||general electric plans to support the growing industrial internet of things with cloud servers and an app store.
vancouver film movie columbia british||the movie was filmed in vancouver, british columbia.
student many go jingshan school high few chance study get temasek singapore secondary graduate school||many of there graduate students go to jingshan high school, but few of them will get chance to study in temasek secondary school in singapore.
ericaceae flower plant genus thibaudia||thibaudia is a genus of flowering plants in the ericaceae.
municipality reka village serbia valjevo||reka is a village in the municipality of valjevo, serbia.
director cory shipowner sons cardiff cardiff south member parliament sit john||he was a director of john cory & sons, shipowners, and sat as member of parliament for cardiff and cardiff south.
release love 1998 salonga lea album||in love is lea salonga's album released in 1998.
australian ten time play 1986 655 player wallabies 1988||he played ten times for the australian wallabies (player #655) between 1986 and 1988.
back palau date japanese early 19th century although large japanese palau migration scale settlement come when japanese administer occur part palau mandate 1920s pacific south rule||japanese settlement in palau dates back to the early 19th century, although large scale japanese migration to palau did not occur until the 1920s, when palau came under japanese rule and administered as part of the south pacific mandate.
bear emma 1975 anderson british alpine june carrick compete 17 skier winter winter olympics former 1994 1998 olympics winter 2002 winter 1992 olympics olympics||emma carrick-anderson (born 17 june 1975) is a british former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 winter olympics, in the 1994 winter olympics, in the 1998 winter olympics, and in the 2002 winter olympics.
microsd alter user remove enable slotmusic file add card as desire content card||the contents of each microsd card may be altered by the user, enabling them to add or remove files from the slotmusic card as desired.
city fc football professional soccer club - papakura new papakura semi zealand auckland||papakura city fc is a semi-professional football (soccer) club in papakura, auckland, new zealand.
pierce full album two release three crossbill length narnack records records ep||pierce has released three full-length albums and two eps (crossbill records, narnack records).
road individual race compete team olympics summer event 1932||he competed in the individual and team road race events at the 1932 summer olympics.
fitzgerald name united kennedy john president assassinate president states 1963||it is named after president john fitzgerald kennedy, the united states president assassinated in 1963.
michael deeley producer script director cimino michael writer deric buy rewrote hire washburn russian take element place war vietnam script roulette||producer michael deeley, who bought the script, hired writer/director michael cimino who, with deric washburn, rewrote the script, taking the russian roulette element and placing it in the vietnam war.
life paris marche pour la annual vie protest abortion demonstration late french hold march january 1975 anniversary law close abortion date paris legalize france||the paris march for life (french: marche pour la vie) is an annual demonstration protesting abortion held in paris in late january, close to the anniversary date of the 1975 law that legalized abortion in france.
festival south chair south pacific 1980 games south 1991 pacific hold games moresby port arts foundation pacific||he chaired the south pacific festival of arts in 1980, and the south pacific games foundation for the 1991 south pacific games, held in port moresby.
buddha that bear branch gautama say tree shorea||it is said that gautama buddha was born under the branches of a shorea tree.
vice - democratic melton legislative black caucus serve colorado chair||melton serves as the vice-chair of the black democratic legislative caucus of colorado.
peopling america award natori receive 2007 statue liberty island foundation ellis april||in april, 2007, natori received the "peopling of america" award from the statue of liberty - ellis island foundation.
species marine snail volutomitra mollusk sea gastropod family volutomitridae tenella||volutomitra tenella is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family volutomitridae.
2 chongqing rail station municipality transit china daxigou line chongqing||daxigou is a station on line 2 of chongqing rail transit in chongqing municipality, china.
define initially stimulation cortex primary somatosensory surface wilder penfield parallel bard study marshall potential surface study woolsey||the primary somatosensory cortex was initially defined from surface stimulation studies of wilder penfield, and parallel surface potential studies of bard, woolsey, and marshall.
one constituency scotland south||the constituency of south of scotland was one of them.
complete district register property list pottawattamie intend iowa county united national states historic places||this is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the national register of historic places in pottawattamie county, iowa, united states.
song group 1974 africa cover album rejuvenation funk meters||it is a cover of the song "africa" by funk group the meters, from their 1974 album rejuvenation.
fruit trypeta tephritid aplopappi genus fly family species tephritidae trypeta||trypeta aplopappi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus trypeta of the family tephritidae.
queen own name survey originally queens own regiment town railway line extend goolwa town 1867 foot strathalbyn as||the town was originally surveyed with the name queen's own town (after the queens own regiment of foot) in 1867 as the railway line was being extended from goolwa to strathalbyn.
tribal area fata strategically administered locate pakistan area afghanistan federally khyber pakhtunkhwa border settle||the federally administered tribal area (fata) is strategically located between the pakistan-afghanistan border and the settled areas of khyber pakhtunkhwa.
1981 billboard 16 hot march 100 chart 18 cash peak well as box||it peaked at #16 in march 1981 on the billboard hot 100 chart as well as #18 on cash box.
wing remain parliament large 296 508 ministerial left win seat bloc||the "ministerial" left-wing bloc remained the largest in parliament, winning 296 of the 508 seats.
manage bo kent steffensen odense base||they are based in odense and managed by kent bo steffensen.
1977 wesson amy model mississippi tupelo fashion american bear||amy wesson (born 1977) is an american fashion model from tupelo, mississippi.
28 merzuki mohd assri tennis player malaysian 1994 december bear||mohd assri merzuki (born 28 december 1994) is a malaysian tennis player.
laborious travel extensive development home country involve motor||this development was laborious, and involved extensive travel by motor home across the country.
artistic 2012 asian 5th edition gymnastics championships hold gymnastics championships artistic putian china 11 asian november november 14 2012||the 2012 asian artistic gymnastics championships were the 5th edition of the asian artistic gymnastics championships, and were held in putian, china from november 11 to november 14, 2012.
pickup produce guitar instrument single pickup t es-330td instrument dual es-330||the guitar has been produced both as a single-pickup instrument (es-330t) and as a dual-pickup instrument (es-330td).
one four era roman basilicas basilica forum republican opimia||the basilica opimia was one of four republican-era basilicas in the roman forum.
release studio in previous differ that song consist previous live mostly cover compose song other while original hit artist album||it differed from all their previous live and studio releases in that it consisted of original songs, while previous albums were composed mostly of covers of hit songs by other artists.
p. plasmodium specie insect have vertebrate host megaglobularis||like all plasmodium species, p. megaglobularis has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
effect where post observe editing filmmaker film - direct edit look final feel color pertain course special correction element sound overall effect pacing as||in effect, it is a post-edit editing where the filmmaker can observe and direct the course of the film's final look and feel as it pertains to color correction, sound and special effects elements and overall pacing.
kiltarlity convinth parish highland list area list scotland council building||this is a list of listed buildings in the parish of kiltarlity and convinth in the highland council area of scotland.
frequently reinvention poetic work deal conflict intersecting form identity||her work frequently deals with the reinvention of poetic forms and the intersecting of conflicting identities .
do only shoot because christie location film area then same warren agree beatty boyfriend film elizabeth game only town that taylor||christie only agreed to do the film because it was shot on location in the same area that her then-boyfriend, warren beatty, was filming the only game in town with elizabeth taylor.
low high form last low high n period take||it is formed by taking the highest high and the lowest low of the last n periods.
chinese say computing modern father public domain method input as create society 1976 computerization chinese speed||he is said to be the father of the modern chinese computing, as his public domain input method, created in 1976, has sped up the computerization of chinese society.
15square norm operate english uk health charity register human particular concern genital currently focus circumcision avoidance foreskin unnecessary||norm-uk, currently operating as 15square, is an english-registered charity concerned with the health of the human genitals, with a particular focus on the foreskin and the avoidance of unnecessary circumcision.
studio new incarnation 2006 build||the newest incarnation of the studio was built in 2006.
barros 1915 javier mexican national engineer 1971 university rector mexico 1968 autonomous massacre sierra tlatelolco||javier barros sierra (1915-1971) was a mexican engineer and rector of the national autonomous university of mexico during the 1968 tlatelolco massacre.
event golf single event three total man woman mixed team event hold||a total three golf events were held: a singles event for men and women, along with a mixed team event.
russia 1912 compete summer marathon olympics||he competed for russia in the marathon at the 1912 summer olympics.
administrative hhc hhc command fall primary practice staff commander special report battalion directly officer personnel commander commander administratively company hhc company hhc high assign commander battalion while hhc company commander operationally thus commander directly battalion commander answer||all personnel in the hhc fall under the administrative command of the hhc company commander, but in practice, the primary and special staff officers report directly to the battalion commander, and while the battalion commander is administratively assigned to the hhc, he or she is the hhc company commander's higher commander and thus the hhc company commander operationally answers directly to the battalion commander.
historic places since 13 1973 national register list april||it has been listed on the national register of historic places since april 13, 1973.
product agency insurance include data compliance management category management analysis marketing risk while financial tool planning division primarily wealth tool management produce||insurance product categories include agency management, data analysis, compliance, risk management and marketing tools, while its financial division produces planning tools primarily for wealth management.
daniel company found henry 1842 name holmes||the company was founded in 1842 by daniel henry holmes, after whom it is named.
film pivotal original meena compose soundtrack role star venkatesh illayaraja||the film stars venkatesh and meena in pivotal roles, with original soundtrack was composed by illayaraja.
uncut release original title choice audio track 7.1 remix usually lossless||each title is released uncut and with a choice between the original audio track and usually a lossless 7.1 remix.
greek cafe theater heritage roxy theater 74 peters street list maitland cafe new gwydir south complex australia bingara shire wales||roxy theater and peters greek cafe complex is a heritage-listed theater and cafe at 74 maitland street, bingara, gwydir shire, new south wales, australia.
state third function bulgarian state perform monarch head collective later king prince regency chairman people presidency republic body assembly interim state council people presidium republic chairman chairman national bulgaria||in the third bulgarian state the functions of head of state are performed by the monarch (prince and king), regency, and later by collective bodies as chairman of the interim presidency of the people's republic, the chairman of the presidium of the national assembly, chairman of the state council of the people's republic bulgaria.
hockey son babe pratt fame defenseman hall||he is the son of hockey hall of fame defenseman babe pratt.
basin separate own bay bank unique characteristic physical||the banks separate the bay into basins, each with their own unique physical characteristics.
no rusty . 27 wallace max racing blue pontiac win championship||rusty wallace of the no. 27 pontiac for blue max racing won the championship.
ted hellmuth poker forrest both three win bracelet series phil professional 1993||poker professionals phil hellmuth and ted forrest would both win three bracelets during the 1993 series.
album september club 2010 release 20 music deluxe||the album was released on 20 september 2010 by music club deluxe.
argue march case decide 1952 31 3 april 1952||the case was argued on march 31, 1952 and decided on april 3, 1952.
chatham action french magicienne strike hour get well soon||after an hour's action, the chatham got the better of the french and magicienne soon struck.
generally homosexuality because although vietnamese taboo consider awareness lgbt 21st surround right tradition century rise||although homosexuality is generally considered a taboo because of the vietnamese tradition, awareness surrounding lgbt rights has risen during the 21st century.
place scheveningen july 2014 netherlands 13 7 take||it took place in scheveningen, netherlands between 7 and 13 july 2014.
area general considerable include history glamis eassie early stone castle prior stone early carve middle pictish ages date||considerable early history is in the general area including glamis castle and the eassie stone, a carved pictish stone dating prior to the early middle ages.
1979 26 grange crescent no . december 512 register places add hall historic national||on december 26, 1979, crescent grange hall no. 512 was added to the national register of historic places.
physics physics air department university dean pakistan air force current professor paf||he is the professor of physics and current dean of the department of physics of the air university of the pakistan air force (paf).
break leg bowler hardly first googly team such use||he was a leg-break and googly bowler but was hardly used as such in the first team.
manono census).the apai village island lepuia'i other faleu||census).the other villages on manono island are apai, faleu and lepuia'i.
many island lake as well be fierza lake northern koman large stony paqe islands sandy ground more tecture much albania||there are many islands in lake fierza as well as in lake koman in northern albania that are much larger and more stony tectured than paqe islands sandy ground.
polish place single shark dudek dudek bydgoszcz paraglider produce paragliding design||the dudek shark is a polish single-place, paraglider that was designed and produced by dudek paragliding of bydgoszcz.
1987 reach . release 23 november uk singles chart no||released in november 1987, it reached no. 23 in the uk singles chart.
trilogy game retro compilation action studios wii video develop publish nintendo adventure game console||trilogy is a compilation of action-adventure games developed by retro studios and published by nintendo for the wii video game console.
edge cutting five single label next album later year change two||they changed over to the cutting edge label for their next five singles and album two years later.
team east london london essex play north north 3 transfer east new essex look 3 london team essex league eastern additional while counties go regional call side 3 promote division new eastern london counties||teams in essex and north-east london who had played in london 3 north east were transferred into the new look london 3 essex along with additional promoted teams from the essex regional leagues, while the eastern counties sides went into another new division called london 3 eastern counties.
assam assembly ratabari elect constituency legislative election 2011||he has been elected in assam legislative assembly election in 2011 and from ratabari constituency.
series action live promote movie film nicktoons network premiere make 2008 week pilot partly 2 adaptation feature release theater may before film||this series was partly made to promote the live-action film, and the pilot movie premiered on nicktoons network on may 2, 2008, a week before the feature film adaptation was released in theaters.
country reputed institute iit technical nit lead||it is a leading reputed technical institute of the country along with the iits and nits.
reverse classical forward approach vivo identify pharmacology lead compound active differently efficacy final usually perform discovery stage drug pharmacology||differently than the classical (forward) pharmacology, with the reverse pharmacology approach in vivo efficacy of identified active (lead) compounds is usually performed in the final drug discovery stages.
serge bear march 1965 roberge 31 former city quebec player hockey professional ice play game hockey nhl quebec nordiques 1990 quebec league nine season national 1991||serge roberge (born march 31, 1965 in quebec city, quebec) is a former professional ice hockey player who played nine games in the national hockey league (nhl) with the quebec nordiques during the 1990-1991 season.
man host championship establish race 1992 1977 national 1985 competition||established in 1977, the competition hosted the men's national championship race from 1985 to 1992.
music provide current station affair show talk news bulawayo province audience 40 radius area km surround metropolitan||the station provides music, talk shows, news and current affairs to the audiences in bulawayo metropolitan province and surrounding areas within a 40 km radius.
approach phase construction follow south first priority roadway i-10 give||construction may follow a phased approach with the roadway south of i-10 given first priority.
control player mercenary group war dale coalition icewind ten persecute town religion assume race||the player assumes control of a group of mercenaries in a war between the ten towns of icewind dale and a coalition of persecuted races and religions.
development space game find planet conquer emphasize colonization colonize||the game emphasizes colonization of space and the development of the planets that you find, colonize or conquer.
write article jenkins have issue espn may that 2011 scheme 1990 back start victim ponzi magazine career baseball||jenkins had an article written about him in the may 2011 issue of espn the magazine about a ponzi scheme that he was a victim of back in the 1990s at the start of his baseball career.
half spend career wing town entire professional city club make home 13 300 cardiff bluebirds spell year appearance playing||a wing half, he spent his entire professional career playing for his home town club cardiff city, making over 300 appearances during a 13-year spell with the bluebirds.
defensive union army civil battery war site cameron||battery cameron was a union army defensive site during the civil war.
announce that 17 january 2009 tao charge long delta play fee monthly no||on january 17, 2009, it was announced that delta tao would no longer charge monthly fees for play.
ship name navy launch second dominant november c. 1953 dock am-431 hiltebrant 5 new dry sponsor york mrs. kingston co. belle commission 8 1954 samuel november hiltebrant f. mcmurray s. command lieutenant||the second ship to be named dominant by the navy, was launched as am-431 on 5 november 1953 by c. hiltebrant dry dock co., kingston, new york; sponsored by mrs. belle s. hiltebrant; and commissioned 8 november 1954, lieutenant samuel f. mcmurray in command.
lucija larisi december 1975 biathlete slovenian 5 bear||lucija larisi (born 5 december 1975) is a slovenian biathlete.
green future non profit republic georgia work - cooperation foundation environmental develop assess identify implement problem solution innovative||cooperation for a green future is a non-profit foundation in the republic of georgia working to identify and assess environmental problems, and develop and implement innovative solutions.
danish bear engineer emeritus 1930s lichtenberg steen project construction technical university author management consultant management professor denmark||steen lichtenberg (born 1930s) is a danish engineer, emeritus professor of project and construction management at the technical university of denmark, author and management consultant.
unused track exist bootleg extra cd official lp||a bootleg does exist with extra tracks that were unused on the official lp/cd.
league ireland december 2015 2014 first release saints 16 fixture away game rival dublin shamrock south 6 march 2015 fixture rovers||the 2015 league of ireland fixtures were released on 16 december 2014, with the saints' first game being an away fixture against south dublin rivals shamrock rovers on 6 march 2015.
be amount release design information although early public design never fair us 1980 pick disappear mid-80 force air||although there was a fair amount of public information released about the design in the early 1980s, the design was never picked up by the us air force and disappeared by the mid-80s.
david bear aliu march basketball 13 player 1981 professional retire||david aliu (born 13 march 1981) is a retired professional basketball player.
many station legal technical year moot problem time now several seem unlikely variety delay launch||the station has been mooted for many years, but due to a variety of technical and legal problems has been delayed several times, and now seems unlikely to launch.
belsen day frank die befriend anne bergen||in bergen-belsen she befriended anne frank, and was with her on the day that she died.
kalpana kannada 2012 film direct remade ramanarayanan film||the film was remade in kannada as kalpana (2012 film) directed by ramanarayanan.
relationship foreign key expose object type appropriate property typically instance||typically, foreign key relationships will be exposed as an object instance of the appropriate type via a property.
branch pictures german 15 june release premiere universal 1932||released by the german branch of universal pictures, it premiered on 15 june 1932.
attractive target chemotherapy thus selective protein||thus, this protein is an attractive target for selective chemotherapy.
condition compare japan other country industrialized public order favorably||conditions of public order in japan compare favorably with those in other industrialized countries.
cell cell many stem cancer marker||it is a marker for many stem cells and cancer cells.
write vocalist puttnam mike carl produce guitarist al engineer previously frank track work black dunphy clay radleys amitri del boo||all tracks were written by vocalist carl puttnam and guitarist mike dunphy, and it was produced and engineered by al clay, who had previously worked with frank black, the boo radleys and del amitri.
brisbane play inaugural grand win adelaide adelaide women final afl||brisbane and adelaide played in the inaugural afl women's grand final, which was won by adelaide.
edge northern approximately lie 41 ortonville detroit metro north downtown mile detroit||ortonville lies on the northern edge of metro detroit and is approximately 41 miles north of downtown detroit.
reinstate 1946 service program upon resumption||the program was not reinstated upon the resumption of the service during 1946.
procerus tall extend mean latin||procerus is latin, meaning tall or extended.
fc nantes 1 1979/1980 season football league 57 point division win association french||fc nantes won division 1 season 1979/1980 of the french association football league with 57 points.
title border american 2012 run mystery thriller produce jarach film lucas gabriela early tagliavini mule direct||border run (earlier title the mule) is a 2012 american mystery thriller film produced by lucas jarach and directed by gabriela tagliavini.
mayor incumbent gordon presidential future lose bernie senator candidate paquette win 43.4 popular assume vote % 6 1981 april office sanders||gordon paquette, the incumbent mayor, lost to the senator and future presidential candidate bernie sanders who won with 43.4% of the popular vote and assume office on april 6, 1981.
unfortunately true story kampala city skyline film caption open||the film opens with the caption: 'unfortunately this is a true story...' plus skylines of kampala city.
edition 14th play 12 team 2016 tournament||the 14th edition of this tournament was played in 2016 with 12 teams.
satire cover politic news site offer entertainment blog environment popular medium technology gossip lifestyle comedy life culture tanzanian music generation business news movie dar salaam base local new lifestyle||the site offers news, satire, blogs, and covers politics, business, entertainment, environment, technology, popular media, lifestyle, culture, comedy, gossip, life around tanzanian's new generation of movies and music lifestyle and local news, based in dar es salaam.
brad journal jackson victoria wellington university dennis holloway royal current tourish editor||the current editors of the journal are brad jackson (victoria university of wellington) and dennis tourish (royal holloway).
24 kajita 1976 july mixed artist takahiro japanese martial bear||takahiro kajita (born july 24, 1976) is a japanese mixed martial artist.
use literature term specifically 1976 rrna trna describe||literature from 1976 used the term to describe specifically trna and rrna.
open box2d free physics engine dimensional c++ erin write 2 simulator zlib license catto publish source||box2d is a free open source 2-dimensional physics simulator engine written in c++ by erin catto and published under the zlib license.
divide elect 23 windsor maidenhead councilor ward 57||windsor and maidenhead is divided into 23 wards, electing 57 councilors.
oakwood women hall dormitory originally build addition bungalow build style american 1916 addition craftsman 1926 1898||oakwood hall, originally the women's dormitory, was built in 1898 with an addition built in 1916 and a bungalow / american craftsman style addition in 1926.
area industry be active shipbuilding trade diversity pottery include workshop tanning||a shipbuilding industry was active in the area, and there were workshops for a diversity of trades, including pottery and tanning.
album group last decade||it would be the group's last album for over a decade.
publish states first united 1980||it was first published in the united states in 1980.
bird include be breeding rare invertebrate crossocerus many fly two stratiomys wasp distinguendus potamida||there are many breeding birds and invertebrates, including two which are rare, the wasp crossocerus distinguendus and the fly stratiomys potamida.
heathrow 2 heathrow terminals central journey 3 passenger charge free terminal also heathrow use change||journeys to and from heathrow terminals 2 & 3 (heathrow central) are free of charge and can also be used by passengers changing terminals at heathrow.
attack prepare moravian while tell carloman reportedly emmeram saint regensburg swear man relic fealty weapon raise arm fight contribute prevent louis hold||while preparing to attack carloman, he reportedly told his moravian men that he saint emmeram of regensburg, on whose relics he had sworn fealty to louis, was holding his weapons down and preventing him from raising his arms and contributing to the fight.
chronicle say houston that tutt upscale leafy bob subdivision 1997 tanglewood||in 1997 bob tutt of the houston chronicle said that tanglewood is "a leafy, upscale subdivision".
samoa hold general april 5 1991 election||general elections were held in samoa on 5 april 1991.
price prussia fall 46s.10d wheat||the price of wheat in prussia had fallen from 46s.10d.
lake island lake include grassy lake sounding||lakes include grassy island lake and sounding lake.
operate keyq 500 watt day night 48 watt||keyq operates with 500 watts during the day and 48 watts at night.
review survey psychology 2002 60th rank most general publish cite sternberg 20th psychologist century||a review of general psychology survey, published in 2002, ranked sternberg as the 60th most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
office sfo fraud non ministerial department - serious government department united government prosecute investigate complex corruption fraud england ireland northern kingdom serious wales||the serious fraud office (sfo) is a non-ministerial government department of the government of the united kingdom department that investigates and prosecutes serious or complex fraud and corruption in england, wales and northern ireland.
sea species cellana vitiensis predatory marine gastropod moon naticidae snail snail mollusk family||cellana vitiensis is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family naticidae, the moon snails.
number 200 debut album 40 top three billboard reach 181 billboard other chart||the album reached number 181 on the billboard 200 and debuted within the top 40 on three other billboard charts.
1999 long kicking seven only leave game footer more 2000 prior season delist hawthorn||after only seven more games in 1999, the long-kicking left footer was delisted by hawthorn prior to the 2000 season.
people maikathari queensland indigenous australian state||the maikathari were an indigenous australian people of the state of queensland.
draft 1993 pick draft nfl professionally colts first play new seattle indianapolis saints jacksonville orleans jaguars nfl seahawks round||a first-round draft pick in the 1993 nfl draft, he played professionally for the indianapolis colts, new orleans saints, seattle seahawks and jacksonville jaguars of the nfl.
1960 attempt ethiopian two coup time prime regular same ministers serve one leader irregular appoint coup one||during the 1960 ethiopian coup attempt, two prime ministers served at the same time, the regular one and an irregular one appointed by the leaders of the coup.
slope wide overhang roof low most have expose massive brick recess rafter support cobblestone stucco porch coat cobblestone chimney pier||most of them have low sloping roofs with wide overhangs and exposed rafters, recessed porches supported by massive brick or cobblestone piers, and cobblestone or stucco coated chimneys.
create revive 1960 winemaker missouri since national win vineyard numerous award taste international||since the 1960s, winemakers have revived and created numerous vineyards in missouri and won national and international tasting awards.
japan - devbox wii help create hyper so that game just easily port programmer arcade game code source new add then feature recompile library||hyper-devbox japan helped port the game to the wii by creating libraries so that the programmers could easily just recompile the source code of the arcade game, and then add new features.
new grow teaneck bear jersey jersey fan pleasant malleck new shore point giants york||born in teaneck, new jersey, malleck grew up on the jersey shore in point pleasant as a fan of the new york giants.
st york michael allanson 1656 december belfrey 7 bury||allanson was buried at st michael le belfrey, york on 7 december 1656.
small property plymouth cluster street locate north street well nichols main as consist just south two library street memorial meredith old locate kona junction center road locate intersection fountain||it consists of a small cluster of properties located north of plymouth street and main street, as well as the nichols memorial library (located just south of the junction of the two streets with old meredith road), and the kona fountain, which is located in the center of that intersection.
still publisher acknowledge charles advice write take work well pick much know detail local authentic romance conflict life mining hunting way go||he still acknowledges his publisher charles pick's advice to "write about what you know best", and his work takes in much authentic detail of the local hunting and mining way of life, along with the romance and conflict that goes with it.
consumer 2005 market transfer computer chinese division lenovo technology develop company||after the transfer of the consumer computer division in 2005, they were developed and marketed by chinese technology company lenovo.
1966 jeanne schultz 30 lewis move bear kearney nebraska family november soon||she was born on november 30, 1966 to lewis and jeanne schultz, who soon after moved the family to kearney, nebraska.
2 frank 1967 berghuis former dutch may play left winger bear footballer||frank berghuis (born 2 may 1967) is a dutch former footballer who played as a left winger.
rider time hold end slim place considerably final as trial margin small end ever tour only spread three second 31 top rider||in the end, each rider held his place after the final time trial, but with considerably slimmer margins, as the tour ended with the smallest-ever spread of only 31 seconds among the top three riders.
c'est english la radio program canadian vie language life language canadian francophone culture||c'est la vie is a canadian english language radio program about francophone canadian life, language and culture.
official overall second cup 1986 finish orienteering first world||she finished overall second in the first official orienteering world cup in 1986.
field one turf farm lead civil war three newspaper new york city||after the civil war the turf, field and farm was one of the three leading newspapers in new york city.
1918 lost mystery silent direct american eye star edith story film mystery browning tod||eyes of mystery is a lost 1918 american silent mystery film directed by tod browning starring edith story.
besides music leony latin dj specialize electro music house progressive music also techno||besides latin music, leony is also a techno dj specializing in electro music and progressive house music.
hydroxypropyl methyl lauryl gluceth-10 chloride personal type soap product dimonium ingredient care||lauryl methyl gluceth-10 hydroxypropyl dimonium chloride is an ingredient in some types of soaps and personal care products.
move 370 jay start street 2017 nyu||nyu started moving into 370 jay street in 2017.
full length clockhead release cd daniel camp go bennett group 5th||clockhead goes to camp is the 5th full-length cd release from the daniel bennett group.
produce write labrinth additional nathaniel ledwidge production||it was written and produced by labrinth, with additional production from nathaniel ledwidge.
administrative jamaica jaaa govern athletics association national track sport include body distance racewalke jamaica field long running athletic||the jamaica athletics administrative association (jaaa) is the national governing body for the sport of athletics (including track and field, long-distance running and racewalking) in jamaica.
20 december grace alinea restaurant 2017 three star only chicago close michelin||before closing on december 20, 2017, alinea and grace were the only chicago restaurants with three michelin stars.
trail ottobine lead national locate george west forest washington||it is located west of ottobine and its trail leads into the george washington national forest.
end library 2015 transform southern weston internally 20th open building century new street west broad king arms corner library public bodleian street east house corner holywell||at the southern end are the weston library, opened in 2015 after being transformed internally from the 20th-century new bodleian library building, on the corner with broad street to the west and the king's arms public house on the corner with holywell street to the east.
trotta september italian 1992 29 footballer striker marcello bear sassuolo professional play||marcello trotta (born 29 september 1992) is an italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for sassuolo.
chenna perumal kesava dedicate||it is dedicated to chenna kesava perumal.
mastered version re album 1987 - release enya celts 1992||in 1992, a re-mastered version of the 1987 enya album was released as the celts.
bear 6 november arthur retire australian abrahams race 1955 car driver||arthur abrahams (born 6 november 1955) is a retired australian race car driver.
september shamsuddin bear mohammad bangladeshi 1983 sprinter 15||mohammad shamsuddin (born 15 september 1983) is a bangladeshi sprinter.
arnold club morriston level llanelli rugby play neath welsh london glamorgan leicester player swansea||as a rugby player, arnold played at club level for morriston, llanelli, swansea, neath, london welsh, leicester and glamorgan.
california gookin state bakersfield also university attend team master play bachelor soccer||gookins attended california state university, bakersfield for both his bachelor's and master's, and also played for their soccer team.
independent states commonwealth annual commonwealth states cup independent since cup 23rd establishment 1993 2015||2015 commonwealth of independent states cup was the 23rd annual commonwealth of independent states cup since its establishment in 1993.
longliste johnson anvil 2013 prize time samuel||time's anvil was longlisted for the samuel johnson prize in 2013.
responsibility states micronesia united federated states handle police local defense matter fsm national national federal force department police division police justice small||defense of the federated states of micronesia is the responsibility of the united states, but local police matters are handled by the fsm national police, a small federal national police force, a division of the department of justice.
species dracaenacolus gecko hemidactylus||hemidactylus dracaenacolus is a species of gecko.
song well few known standard composer||a few of these songs are standards, and their composers well known.
h. ricks kind critic auden poet w. exactly find dream describe||w. h. auden described ricks as "exactly the kind of critic every poet dreams of finding".
multitude generate green environmental socio ecological benefit economic cities blue cultural management planning future sustainability integrate urban resilience key process environment||blue-green cities generate a multitude of environmental, ecological, socio-cultural and economic benefits through integrated planning and management and may be key to future resilience and sustainability of urban environments and processes.
man two seal buckskin one more formal current other dress depict||the current seal depicts two men, one in buckskin, and the other in more formal dress.
genus family beetle belong large dynastes scarabaeidae||dynastes is a genus of large beetles belonging to the family scarabaeidae.
midge chasmatonotus species atripe chironomidae family||chasmatonotus atripes is a species of midge in the family chironomidae.
two meeting do race team ga main sureterm 2004 also point more then other class 11 carl bar score than together driver put breeze||he also did two meetings for ga (then racing as team sureterm) in the main class in 2004, scoring 11 points, more than all their other drivers bar carl breeze put together.
lieber walter la jolla s philadelphia become move 1904 leader diego soon significant san mr. lieber come community successful fair amount businessman real wealthy family estate stove business large own other brother montgomery philadelphia county business well as||walter s lieber had moved to la jolla from philadelphia in 1904 and soon became a significant leader in the san diego community mr. lieber, coming from a wealthy family had been a successful businessman, owned a fair amount of real estate, as well as a stove business and other larger businesses with his brother in montgomery county philadelphia.
smiths suter lowes snyders fosters mccurdys most henkstellers reagans prominent area settler||suters, smiths, snyders, lowes, mccurdys, henkstellers, reagans and fosters were the most prominent settlers in the area.
mainz stadtheater 1882 march premiere 28||it was premiered at the stadtheater in mainz on 28 march 1882.
apologize history motto review have journalism one conservative lead publication states united college conservative||with the motto, "we do not apologize," the review has a history in conservative journalism and is one of the leading college conservative publications in the united states.
lightly wear manica arm shoulder retiarius armored guard galerus guard||the retiarius was lightly armored, wearing an arm guard (manica) and a shoulder guard (galerus).
describe 1861 giraud||it was described by giraud in 1861.
eastern natural new brogo south wales south mount tropical area queensland range carbine||the natural range is from brogo in south eastern new south wales to the mount carbine area in tropical queensland.
sustaining - population non adventive individual say||such a non-sustaining population, or the individuals within it, are said to be adventive.
university professor mathematic holder ljubljana canada chair fraser graph vancouver theory university british simon columbia canada research||he is a professor of mathematics at the university of ljubljana and the holder of a canada research chair in graph theory at simon fraser university in vancouver, british columbia, canada.
race win tekno meanwhile saturday jonathon start autosports qualifying crash only webb 21st||meanwhile, the saturday race was won by tekno autosports' jonathon webb, who had only started 21st after a qualifying crash.
sweet dessert cheesecake one consist more layer||cheesecake is a sweet dessert consisting of one or more layers.
if first female early wrestling fellow praise professional one industry hyatt announcer missy woman serious personality more intelligent portray typical such wrestling valet contrast||she was one of the earliest, if not the first, female announcers in professional wrestling and has been praised by fellow women in the industry, such as missy hyatt, for portraying a more serious and intelligent personality in contrast to the typical wrestling valet.
clear water species sessile order tube ocean floor live secrete||species in this order are sessile, living in clear water and secrete tubes on the ocean floor.
county city dakota north mercer united states beulah||beulah is a city in mercer county, north dakota, united states.
year 28 tundra books mcclelland stewart sell||after 28 years, tundra books was sold to mcclelland & stewart.
serial amrita base pakistani pinjar ghughi novel drama pritam||ghughi is a pakistani drama serial based on amrita pritam's novel pinjar.
microcribraria species lecanodiaspididae insect family scale lecanodiaspis||lecanodiaspis microcribraria is a species of scale insect of the family lecanodiaspididae.
family surname pronounce mordant||the family surname is pronounced "mordant".
james wilson dunlop november professor ottawa scotland 1857 ontario robertson 20 1930 canada march 2 canada first commissioner agriculture dairying||professor james wilson robertson (dunlop, scotland, 2 november 1857 - ottawa, ontario, canada, 20 march 1930) was canada's first commissioner of agriculture and dairying.
stage last week pupal three||the pupal stage lasts three weeks.
nicolas locally rally win win n manage rally lebanese group championship lebanon||locally nicolas managed to win the rally of lebanon and won the group n lebanese rally championship.
america extend north region cowbell first use cattle||the region was the first in north america to extend the use of cowbells to all cattle.
rab-5b human gene rab5b protein that encode||rab-5b is a protein that in humans is encoded by the rab5b gene.
difficult berry pick when squash quantity ripe tender||when the berries are ripe, they are tender and difficult to pick in any quantity without squashing them.
change cop21 climate nations global agreement united climate also aim hold conference action 2015 achieve end||the united nations climate change conference cop21, which aims to achieve a global agreement on climate action, will also be held at the end of 2015.
prime danger example race formula time one||the race is a prime example of the danger of formula one at the time.
supernatural league management troublesome ectoplasmic apparition a.k.a s.t.e.a.m. performance art american southern troupe steampunk california ghostbusters steampunk community live popular specialize themed entertainment interactive||the league of s.t.e.a.m. (supernatural and troublesome ectoplasmic apparition management), a.k.a. the "steampunk ghostbusters", is an american performance art troupe from southern california popular in the steampunk community and specializing in live interactive themed entertainment.
four top include pyramid cemetery obelisk wall||it includes four walls around the cemetery and a "pyramid-topped obelisk".
entertainment printworks club offer eatery locate corner urban withy street grove venue manchester corporation center city england cinema||the printworks is an urban entertainment venue offering a cinema, clubs and eateries, located on the corner of withy grove and corporation street in manchester city center, england.
luger manfred austrian compete danklmaier 1980s||manfred danklmaier was an austrian luger who competed in the 1980s.
parliament 1963 member colne 1970 attercliffe 1966 sheffield 1992 valley||he was a member of parliament for colne valley 1963-1966, and for sheffield attercliffe 1970-1992.
demers 7 yve september party liberal commons bear canada 1938 member house||yves demers (born 7 september 1938) was a liberal party member of the house of commons of canada.
ringo initially narrate series starr - u.k. audience re u.s. shining time station narrate audience 17 episode||this series was initially narrated by ringo starr for the u.k. audiences, who re-narrated 17 episodes for the u.s. audiences on shining time station.
work practice micro often involve divide work social work directly individual macro - small work community - policy social change create scale large group working involve||social work practice is often divided into micro-work, which involves working directly with individuals or small groups; and macro-work, which involves working communities, and within social policy, to create change on a larger scale.
department aigremont france southern commune gard||aigremont is a commune in the gard department in southern france.
2012 october discontinue dreamlinux project||as of october 2012, the dreamlinux project has been discontinued.
bear aigbogun 23 may 1993 eseosa mandy football potsdam play german bundesliga forward turbine swiss||eseosa mandy aigbogun (born 23 may 1993) is a swiss football forward, playing for turbine potsdam in the german bundesliga.
aesop aesopica collection credit fable believe fables slave aesop storyteller ancient 620 greece 564 bce live||aesop's fables, or the aesopica, is a collection of fables credited to aesop, a slave and storyteller believed to have lived in ancient greece between 620 and 564 bce.
perform magician regurgitation houdini part harry act professional instance perform exclusively regurgitator regurgitation||some magicians perform regurgitation as part of their act (for instance, harry houdini), but professional regurgitators may perform regurgitation exclusively.
four cyclododecatriene 1,5,9 isomer know||four isomers are known for 1,5,9-cyclododecatriene.
record album while five piece chris connick bush band leave andy completion band||while the band recorded the album as a five piece, chris connick and andy bush left the band after its completion.
graffiti banksy base artist england||banksy is an england-based graffiti artist.
hamlet hill civil parish chichester west milland district titty england sussex||titty hill is a hamlet in the civil parish of milland in the chichester district of west sussex, england.
australian sugar film robert direct carter day 1999 rhondda matt findleton factory||the sugar factory is a 1999 australian film directed by robert carter and matt day and rhondda findleton.
dual currently as line last merge have immediately track track station station single||currently, this is the last station to have dual tracks as the lines will merge into a single track immediately after this station.
also challenge 2010 omnicompete energy storage launch||omnicompete also launched the energy storage challenge in 2010.
sat score 1960 average average act 29 score||average sat scores are around 1960 and the average act score is 29.
states 1885 illinois united february may 18 hold 1885 19 senate election||the 1885 united states senate election in illinois was held from february 18 to may 19, 1885.
mindstate release canada states 2006 australia also united||also in 2006, mindstate was released in the united states, canada and australia.
final 5th campaign body division day main encircled 180th day united fighting hard counterattack states division regiment direction army fragment flee||during the final days of the 5th campaign, the main body of the 180th division was encircled during a united states army counterattack, and after days of hard fighting, the division fragmented, and regiments fled in all directions.
seldom except oxbridge nonconformist enforce where 1800 cambridge graduate catholics oxford matriculate||after 1800 they were seldom enforced, except at oxbridge, where nonconformists and catholics could not matriculate (oxford) or graduate (cambridge).
bulldogs lady carolina sc south state also bulldogs thirteen team state refer state sport carolina south represent carolina south intercollegiate athletic include woman university country tennis cross orangeburg man field only track women's soccer golf volleyball football softball basketball men's only||the south carolina state bulldogs and lady bulldogs (also sc state) refer to the thirteen sports teams representing south carolina state university in orangeburg, south carolina in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, tennis, and track and field; women's-only golf, soccer, softball, and volleyball; and men's-only football.
merchant ship great elizabeth yarmouth 1825 build england||elizabeth was a merchant ship built at great yarmouth, england in 1825.
hospital pacifica hospital panama city panama punta||hospital punta pacifica is a hospital in panama city, panama.
clockwork wound also illustrated short child novel pullman philip clockwork call 1996 united publish first doubleday kingdom||clockwork (also called clockwork, or all wound up) is an illustrated short children's novel by philip pullman, first published in the united kingdom in 1996 by doubleday.
race win tekno meanwhile saturday jonathon start autosports qualifying crash only webb 21st||meanwhile, the saturday race was won by tekno autosports' jonathon webb, who had only started 21st after a qualifying crash.
electoral region oshikoto eengodi namibia constituency constituency||eengodi constituency is an electoral constituency in the oshikoto region of namibia.
altogether typical delimitation carps remain genera fully solve ally still||altogether the delimitation of the typical carps and allied genera remains still not fully solved.
expand release two disk 2004 factory version||factory released an expanded two-disk version in 2004.
military confederate although draft need training only receive case happen few service be if||they received no military training, and although they could be drafted into the confederate service if need be, there are only a few cases in which that happened.
genus bug tribe cercinthus coreini||cercinthus is a genus of bugs in the tribe coreini.
money united broadcast game one 15 kingdom dirty show april may 2002 sky 28||dirty money was a united kingdom game show broadcast on sky one from 15 april to 28 may 2002.
many function body abandon other remainder department absorb||many of its functions were abandoned, with the remainder being absorbed into other bodies or departments.
person example king james james vi england same king scotland||for example, the same person was both king james i of england and king james vi of scotland.
metro first capital line rail only red connect austin downtown northern line suburb austin||the red line, capital metro's first and only rail line, connects downtown austin with austin's northern suburbs.
- non coding molecular short molecule biology rna||in molecular biology mir-132 microrna is a short non-coding rna molecule.
band release 12 justin broadrick leader single 2009 bandmember produce record own hydra label turner records aaron may head||produced by the band leader justin broadrick, it was released on 12 may 2009 as a single via bandmember aaron turner's own record label, hydra head records.
census lake place cdp garland arkansas united designate county states hamilton||lake hamilton is a census-designated place (cdp) in garland county, arkansas, united states.
30,000 claim member||they claim 30,000 members.
biographical chronic documentary remember film 2000 syndrome states a. snyder kim fatigue united||i remember me (2000) is a biographical documentary about chronic fatigue syndrome, filmed in the united states by kim a. snyder.
december 2011 ohio renovation plan receive tax house historic credit preservation||in december 2011, a planned renovation of the house received an ohio historic preservation tax credit.
2010 10,110 census population||at the 2010 census the population was 10,110.
gw-803430 gw-3430 scientific use drug selective non - antagonist research concentrate receptor peptide melanin mch1 hormone||gw-803430 (gw-3430) is a drug used in scientific research and is a selective non-peptide antagonist at the melanin concentrating hormone receptor mch1.
english revolve couple show married bob margaret fish ish name working couple middle 40 child class william name elizabeth dog two||the show revolved around a married english couple named bob and margaret fish, a middle class 40-ish working couple with no children and two dogs named william and elizabeth.
1 build rectangular story limestone 1/2 early germanic 1736 dwelling blue hillside build||it was built about 1736, and is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular blue limestone early germanic dwelling built into a hillside.
wing kamtapur union students student kpp||the student wing of kpp is the all kamtapur students union.
former johnson challenge prosecutor representative zack county milkovich 2014 summit incumbent democratic primary assistant||johnson is a former assistant prosecutor for summit county, who challenged incumbent representative zack milkovich in the 2014 democratic primary.
fifth dame elizabeth woman sloss appeal court baroness now sloss 1988 butler sit dame brenda hale now 1999 hale dame mary butler arden janet richmond smith baroness 2000 2002 dame||she is the fifth woman to sit in the court of appeal after dame elizabeth butler-sloss (now baroness butler-sloss) (1988), dame brenda hale (now baroness hale of richmond) (1999), dame mary arden (2000) and dame janet smith (2002).
play grand piano track hall owen involve mansion bed as lie video well perform song while||the video for the track involves owen playing a grand piano in a mansion hall, as well as lying on a bed while performing the song.
john empire compose back williams film strikes||it was composed by john williams for the film the empire strikes back.
choose official also india entry as nomination film foreign academy best consider category 84th awards||it was also chosen as india's official entry to be considered for nomination in the best foreign film category for the 84th academy awards.
smiths marr musician modest cribs now solo play guest mouse johnny recording appear numerous other musician formerly musician||musician johnny marr, formerly with the smiths, modest mouse and the cribs and now playing solo, has appeared as a guest musician on the recordings of numerous other musicians.
first fight 2014 kunlun promotion history china year kickboxing base||2014 was the first year in the history of the kunlun fight, a kickboxing promotion based in china.
member ngc 68 group||it is a member of the ngc 68 group.
bear 1991 april british 12 sally field athlete scott track||sally scott (born 12 april 1991) is a british track and field athlete.
palmer edward premier||edward palmer was premier.
granada new catfish sea notarius cazon catfish sea bonillai family catfish ariidae species||the new granada sea catfish, or cazon sea catfish (notarius bonillai) is a species of catfish in the ariidae family.
one company addressograph book great good comparator||addressograph was one of the comparator companies in the book good to great.
october bear barron montgomery photographer make american 3 artist portrait jeannette 1956 andy basquiat such jean michel still sherman photography life warhol cindy||jeannette montgomery barron (born october 3, 1956) is an american photographer who has made portraits of artists such as andy warhol, jean-michel basquiat, and cindy sherman, and still life photography.
holder riffa king east defeat time last year cup final busaiteen current extra||east riffa are the current holders of the king's cup, having defeated busaiteen in extra time in last year's final.
historic district district side east tennessee shelbyville historic shelbyville east||the east shelbyville historic district is a historic district on the east side of shelbyville, tennessee.
18 1980 animation director june gunnell storyboard book artist comic work micah currently studios artist marvel united states bear animation||micah gunnell (born june 18, 1980) is an animation director, storyboard artist, and comic book artist who currently works for marvel animation studios in the united states.
odd patient matter belief no how that unlikely beat||this is the belief that the patient will beat the odds, no matter how unlikely this might be.
town commune ampasipotsy madagascar||ampasipotsy is a town and commune in madagascar.
try track get one time possible much as live||we're tracking live and trying to get as much down at one time as possible.
attaloss american los california sign band angeles rock currently rock ridge music||attaloss is an american rock band from los angeles, california, currently signed to rock ridge music.
prehistoric kintyre peninsula include avinagillan stand other monument stone||other prehistoric monuments on the kintyre peninsula include the avinagillan standing stone.
apu excavator toronto server base enterprise variant available cpu name market also||an excavator-based apu and cpu variant named toronto for server and enterprise markets will also be available.
also sesquicentennial region year farm 150 200 bicentennial program year have farm||some regions also have sesquicentennial farm (150 years) and bicentennial farm (200 years) programs.
willing door pupil school open secondary tawjihi igcse education level o jordanian study certificate british gce program a level||the school opens its doors to pupils willing to study for either the jordanian certificate of secondary education (tawjihi) or for igcse o-level and gce a-level british program.
venezuela united states enforcement sever dea administration representative tie spying 2005 drug accuse||in 2005 venezuela severed ties with the united states drug enforcement administration (dea), accusing its representatives of spying.
wheat consist preparation corn egg starch flour water batter salt||the preparation for the batter consists of wheat flour, salt, egg, corn starch and water.
club arm corporate include also event include event trading space 300 eight guest 2 hold||the club also includes a trading arm for corporate events which include eight event spaces which can hold from 2 to 300 guests.
white purple black color team||the team's colors are purple, black and white.
term modifier hydrofunctionalization covalent often use refer hydride h x transformation specifically x hydrogen source||often, the term hydrofunctionalization without modifier refers specifically to the use of the covalent hydride (h-x) as the source of hydrogen and x for this transformation.
national trail greyrock hiking roosevelt trail mountain national recreation west laporte colorado forest||greyrock mountain national recreation trail is a hiking trail in roosevelt national forest west of laporte, colorado.
athena god role voice war god war notable include war auntie halo dot ii god 2018 reach||notable voice roles include athena in god of war, god of war ii and god of war (2018), and auntie dot in halo: reach.
literally nativization root put korenizatsiya soviet indigenization mean policy nationality early mostly continue 1920 promote year legacy later||korenizatsiya meaning "nativization" or "indigenization", literally "putting down roots", was the early soviet nationalities policy promoted mostly in the 1920s but with a continuing legacy in later years.
title book tragedy biography detail mountain two author book title paralysis paralympics child journey forgiveness wheelchair friendship playground harley lessons||he has authored two books, a biography titled "tragedy on the mountain," which details his journey from paralysis to paralympics, and a children's book titled "playground lessons-friendship & forgiveness: harley and his wheelchair."
walk only steam as mouth make issue whistle backwards||it only walks backwards, and steam issues from its mouth as it makes its whistle.
muscosa formerly 2007 until rana more study central population consider elevate specie restrict northern status r. southern nevada full southern muscosa california sierra||it was formerly considered rana muscosa until a 2007 study elevated the more central and northern populations to full species status, restricting r. muscosa to the southern sierra nevada and southern california.
when game time over when wrong ball run enter hole color||the game is over when time runs out, or when a ball enters a hole of the wrong color.
politician rajbala legislative milak uttar member 17th india pradesh assembly indian||rajbala is an indian politician and a member of 17th legislative assembly of milak, uttar pradesh of india.
18th many member religious quakers society 19th friends century||in the 18th and 19th centuries, many of them were members of the religious society of friends (quakers).
late painting indeed such scene century van heemskerck egbert tavern 17th south probably england show play such instrument musician eastern||indeed, some late 17th-century paintings, such as a tavern scene by egbert van heemskerck, probably from south-eastern england, show musicians playing such instruments.
wormholes machines time physicist holes black al khalili 1999 publish book jim||black holes, wormholes and time machines is a book by physicist jim al-khalili, published in 1999.
have member 137 congregation member church communion reformed churches world 13,102||the church has 13,102 members and 137 congregations, and it is a member of the world communion of reformed churches.
erebidae clytie family moth scotorrhiza||clytie scotorrhiza is a moth of the family erebidae.
banner be star spangled prison wave somewhere||there's a star-spangled banner waving somewhere in prison.
welsh member rugby rfc union llangefni||llangefni rfc is a member of the welsh rugby union.
faulkner today central county arkansas include principal metro conway city area||today faulkner county is included in the central arkansas metro area, with conway as a principal city.
county county shawano seat||it is the county seat of shawano county.
color emoji use typeface display emoji ios ideogram macos color apple shigetaka create japanese series mobile kurita phone use originally||apple color emoji is a color typeface used by ios and macos to display emoji, a series of ideograms originally created by shigetaka kurita for use in japanese mobile phones.
dale andrew january former 9 bear gordon player association 1967 right sided play norwich midfielder football rangers west city professional predominantly ham millwall bournemouth united peterborough united afc||dale andrew gordon (born 9 january 1967) is a former professional association football player who played predominantly as a right-sided midfielder for norwich city, rangers, west ham united, peterborough united, millwall and afc bournemouth.
silver pan 1987 games claim american represent medal men native summer marathon twice country 1988 olympics 1984||he claimed the silver medal at the 1987 pan american games in the men's marathon, and twice represented his native country at the summer olympics (1984 and 1988).
oakland diego raiders play also san panthers chargers carolina||he also played for the oakland raiders, san diego chargers and carolina panthers.
song rooftop writing revised group credit erik version darling allocate member bill svanoe singers international become hit 1963||a revised version of the song by the rooftop singers, with the writing credits allocated to group members erik darling and bill svanoe, became an international hit in 1963.
genus tortricinae family tortricidae geogepa subfamily belong moth||geogepa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae.
sport 2007 hold 14 games island one basketball||basketball was one of the 14 sports held at the 2007 island games.
top be addition ten liz rose finish sean medal miller sledge team alpine skiing ice hockey||in addition to the medal there were top ten finishes from sean rose and liz miller, in alpine skiing, and the ice sledge hockey team.
transmitter rotherham mainly cover although boston castle such neighboring hear sheffield city borough||it mainly covers the rotherham borough from its transmitter at boston castle, although it can be heard in neighboring cities such as sheffield.
accident an-70 involve prototype as sole destroy prototype air first survive six mid - collision previously year||the accident involved the sole surviving an-70 prototype, as the first prototype had been destroyed in a mid-air collision six years previously.
link apply schedule chain final positive unconditioned stimulus reinforcer link aversive often||this is often applied in chain link schedules, with the final link being the aversive stimulus or positive (unconditioned) reinforcer.
parveen bear 25 june kumar boxer indian india represent tournament international 1989 games many commonwealth glasgow 2014 include||parveen kumar (born 25 june 1989) is an indian boxer who represented india in many international tournaments including the 2014 commonwealth games in glasgow.
consist forest dipterocarp habitat lowland||the habitat consists of dipterocarp and lowland forests.
join governor new secretary administration bobby louisiana veterans remain affairs alexander jindal post month eight department only||alexander joined the administration of governor bobby jindal as the new secretary of the louisiana department of veterans affairs but remained in that post for only eight months.
february bear german 19 1953 jochmann actress hansi||hansi jochmann (born 19 february 1953) is a german actress.
county mcclusky north states sheridan united city dakota||mcclusky is a city in sheridan county, north dakota, united states.
found - co online exchange online research market firm later testing otx||she later co-founded online testing exchange (otx), an online market research firm.
first operate scale effort breeder america fail full||america's first effort at operating a full-scale breeder had failed.
hamilton manage inc. building service year community social recreational wenham wide facility educational available program offer group community function meeting space make variety other||community service of wenham and hamilton, inc., which manages the building, has over the years offered a wide variety of social, recreational, and educational programs in the facility, and made it available to other community groups as meeting and function space.
population census 2,626 2010||the population was 2,626 at the 2010 census.
air april 15 1989||it aired on april 15, 1989.
mechanical system mechanical stoker solid coke coal anthracite fuel boiler feed steam furnace||a mechanical stoker is a mechanical system that feeds solid fuel like coal, coke or anthracite into the furnace of a steam boiler.
fever scarlet a result streptococcus disease occur a strep infection group group||scarlet fever is a disease which can occur as a result of a group a streptococcus (group a strep) infection.
ohio community hancock county virginia unincorporated river congo west||congo is an unincorporated community on the ohio river in hancock county, west virginia.
use cast fly reach technique fishing cast||the reach cast is a casting technique used in fly fishing.
asifabad district bheem state telangana indian||bheem asifabad is a district in the indian state of telangana.
21 1992 hutch bear actor may american artist producer musician dano writer||hutch dano (born may 21, 1992) is an american actor, writer, producer, musician, and artist.
glamorgan 1993 council county mid repair commendation civic bridge trust award||the bridge was repaired in 1993 by mid glamorgan county council and awarded a commendation by the civic trust.
know ridgewood reserve 1792 1792 reserve kentucky ridgemont formerly straight whiskey 1792 1792 bourbon barton kentucky bourbon bardstown produce distillery||1792 bourbon, formerly known as ridgewood reserve 1792 and 1792 ridgemont reserve, is a kentucky straight bourbon whiskey produced by the barton 1792 distillery in bardstown, kentucky.
strong ac ligament stabilizer coracoclavicular joint||the coracoclavicular ligament is the strongest stabilizer of the ac joint.
state senatorial office member nine board operational affair manage district have||it has operational offices in all the state's senatorial districts with a nine-member board to manage its affairs.
as psychology physiology relate well||it is related to psychology as well as to physiology.
flower piano close john voice cage song||a flower is a song for voice and closed piano by john cage.
two name bridge bridge 2015 open original refer new 1901 2017 bridge open||the name refers to two bridges: the original bridge was open from 1901 to 2015, and a new bridge which opened in 2017.
differentiate characteristic d. zugei specie eye large number fold fin tail dorsal include absence||a number of characteristics differentiate this species from d. zugei, including larger eyes and the absence of a dorsal fin fold on the tail.
large new more north church conservative america swedenborgian||it is larger, newer, and more conservative than the swedenborgian church of north america.
squad field 1969 leave first season steelerettes year last coach noll head hall famers mean greene chuck defensive tackle joe||the last squad of steelerettes left the field after the 1969 season, the first year of hall of famers head coach chuck noll and defensive tackle "mean joe" greene.
squadron war world found reorganize fighter part become i fighter unit war end wing dedicated||the squadron was founded during world war i, reorganized into a dedicated fighter unit, and became part of a fighter wing before war's end.
2018 receive scientist distinguished international society behavioral neural genetics award||in 2018 he received the distinguished scientist award of the international behavioral and neural genetics society.
marie taylor star rayner rafi adam gavron film avgeropoulos lautner||the film stars taylor lautner, marie avgeropoulos, adam rayner and rafi gavron.
afl division 2018 regional afl central london england northern southern england afl||in 2018, these regional divisions will be the afl london, afl central & northern england and southern england afl.
type tarot tarocco italian piemontese origin tarot deck piedmont||the tarocco piemontese (tarot of piedmont) is a type of tarot deck of italian origin.
2018 broner good world fourth welterweight boxing july light eighth board rank transnational welterweight rankings boxrec well active||as of july 2018, broner is ranked as the world's fourth best light welterweight by the transnational boxing rankings board, and the eighth best active welterweight by boxrec.
genus tortricinae family tortricidae geogepa subfamily belong moth||geogepa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily tortricinae of the family tortricidae.
chart canada reach ten australia top kingdom top ireland also united||it also reached the top of the chart in canada, and the top ten in australia, ireland and the united kingdom.
world muslim naz two life traditional modern london family tear life||naz is torn between two worlds: her traditional muslim family life and modern london life.
swedish myntverket half mint own royal owner mint norwegian share today||today it is the owner of the swedish mint, the myntverket, and owns half of the shares of the royal norwegian mint.
miller kya old jingle murray sound use just package have before station as||murray and miller used the old kya jingle package, and the station sounded just as it had before.
west dave 1929 football c. play toronto calgary player stampeders winnipeg bear argonauts canadian edmonton tiger blue cats bombers rough hamilton eskimos riders ottawa||dave west (born c. 1929) was a canadian football player who played for the toronto argonauts, calgary stampeders, winnipeg blue bombers, edmonton eskimos, hamilton tiger-cats and ottawa rough riders.
campos 4 bear devezas december tessaleno brazilian bear 1946 rio de physicist system portuguese material scientist theorist janeiro||tessaleno campos devezas (born 4 december 1946 in rio de janeiro) is a brazilian-born portuguese physicist, systems theorist, and materials scientist.
butler venango county township pennsylvania township united states||venango township is a township in butler county, pennsylvania, united states.
jennings gennings refer park sometimes spelt gennings locate house gennings lane kent court ii lughorse grade 1727 maidstone 1745 list house build||gennings park (sometimes spelt jennings, and referred to as gennings house or gennings court), located on lughorse lane in maidstone, kent, is a grade ii listed house which was built between 1727 and 1745.
anders 1957 4 bear politician flanking swedish october||anders flanking (born october 4, 1957) is a swedish politician.
name give latin amabili english dear female mabel derive lovable||mabel is an english female given name derived from the latin amabilis, "lovable, dear".
nature emphasize finland analysis capitalism problematic geopolitical finland result position partly see||he emphasized the problematic nature of capitalism analysis in finland, which he saw partly as a result of the geopolitical position of finland.
follow live woman world four time novel life differ parallel place||the novel follows the lives of four women living in parallel worlds that differ in time and place.
zetaproteobacteria proteobacteria sole phylum member class||it is the sole member of the class zetaproteobacteria in the phylum proteobacteria.
silver slalom win winter 1984 olympics 0.21 second sarajevo mahre more medal celebrated brother||mahre won the silver medal in slalom at the 1984 winter olympics in sarajevo, 0.21 seconds behind his more celebrated brother.
andersonii asteraceae leontopodium family plant species||leontopodium andersonii is a species of plant in the family asteraceae.
journal review peer analysis music analysis theory specialize academic||analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal specializing in music theory and analysis.
morrow contain call character||it contains a character called morrow.
complementary recommend alternative music soundtrack movie warrior 13th barbarian conan rings lord||the music has been recommended as an alternative or complementary soundtrack for movies like conan the barbarian, the 13th warrior, and the lord of the rings.
although grow that completely extent walton aylesbury direction still couple surround map mark mile hamlet modern||although aylesbury has grown to such an extent that it completely surrounds walton by a couple of miles in each direction, the hamlet is still marked on modern maps.
species cockroach wasp ampulicidae family dolichurus greenei||dolichurus greenei is a species of cockroach wasp in the family ampulicidae.
titular episode song scrubs occurrence comedy episode feature tv||the titular song was featured in an episode of the tv comedy scrubs, in the episode 'my occurrence'.
crisis dispute take place provincial land ipperwash 1995 ipperwash ontario indigenous park||ipperwash crisis was a dispute over indigenous land that took place in ipperwash provincial park, ontario, in 1995.
group us debut single 39 billboard hot success achieve 1 reach own mexico 2 100 israel canadian 40 top||in the us, the group achieved success with their debut single, "on my own", which reached #39 in the billboard hot 100 #1 in israel and mexico and #2 in the canadian top 40.
grow success debut broken mainstream band contribute reaction seven number billboard us chart generally 200 positive peak||contributing to the band's growing mainstream success, broken debuted to generally positive reactions, and peaked at number seven on the us billboard 200 chart.
take foix place france 11 8 auspex international 2010 july federation icf canoe event||the event took place in foix, france from 8 to 11 july 2010 under the auspices of the international canoe federation (icf).
military coup 2012 2013 then suspend||it was suspended after the 2012 military coup and then in 2013.
euphaedra nymphalidae normalis butterfly family||euphaedra normalis is a butterfly in the family nymphalidae.
thing need series preparationism before people believe jesus such come advocate do christ bible worship read listen gift pray holy sermon spirit attend||preparationism advocates a series of things that people need to do before they come to believe in jesus christ, such as reading the bible, attending worship, listening to sermons, and praying for the gift of the holy spirit.
want female become air racer concern plot pilot||the plot concerns a female pilot wanting to become an air racer.
species leptomorphus fungus mycetophilidae insect gnat hyalinus family||leptomorphus hyalinus is a species of fungus gnats, insects in the family mycetophilidae.
department represent radical moselle et socialiste gauche diver member citoyen||he represents the moselle department, and is a member of the socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.
lyric also album sunny lightweight unusually||the album's lyrics are also unusually sunny and lightweight.
medium julie personality spira dating subject online author mobile social dating medium netiquette||julie spira is an author and media personality on the subjects of online dating, social media, mobile dating, and netiquette.
initiative first foreign term good policy neighbor key policy u.s. take non interventionist stance - american roosevelt affair latin||the key foreign policy initiative of roosevelt's first term was the good neighbor policy, in which the u.s. took a non-interventionist stance in latin american affairs.
decide seaspray army u.s. 1981 cia expansion establish march part special force army capability covert||the cia and u.s. army decided to establish seaspray in march 1981 as part of an expansion of the army's covert special forces capability.
blundell 2018 toronto may ex join dean venn craig rock contributor mornings lucky edge||in may, 2018 dean blundell ex of the edge in toronto joined craig venn & lucky as a contributor to rock mornings.
school christopher 2013 merge secondary result population school student 1300 st.||in 2013 the school was merged with st. christopher's secondary school resulting in a population of over 1300 students.
march 7 warrington northampton bear australia 1924 2010 die know||warrington was born in northampton on 7 march 1924 and is known to have died in australia in 2010.
united covenant share church site||the site was shared with the covenant united church.
dr. palavali together 2010 peace put humanism festival film||in 2010 dr. palavali put together the humanism and peace film festival.
milan part 2004 passante railway open||it opened in 2004 as part of the milan passante railway.
bridge evan american connell first novel author debut s. 1959 publish||bridge is the debut novel of american author evan s. connell, first published in 1959.
rumble name royal royal enter battle time participant interval match||it is named after the royal rumble match, a battle royal whose participants enter at timed intervals.
invention new bessemer process produce century steel mass era mid-19th begin||with the invention of the bessemer process in the mid-19th century, a new era of mass-produced steel began.
school high association affiliate ohio athletic||it is affiliated with the ohio high school athletic association.
pod fruit legume contain haired silky seed black mottle white||the fruit is a silky-haired legume pod containing black-mottled white seeds.
subsidiary mynydd black llysiau south summit wales fach waun mountains eastern||mynydd llysiau is a subsidiary summit of waun fach in the black mountains in south-eastern wales.
one mombasa 2002 ticket mombasaan finnish film way hannu tuomainen direct menolippu||one-way ticket to mombasa (menolippu mombasaan) is a 2002 finnish film directed by hannu tuomainen.
album japan release original use artwork digitally 2016 remastere||in 2016, the album was digitally remastered and released in japan, using the original artwork.
nasty live album cameo 1996 group r&b funk release||nasty is a live album released by the funk/r&b group cameo in 1996.
march lancing educate bear 28 1862 new college oxford ordain 1888 college||born on 28 march 1862 and educated at lancing college and new college, oxford, he was ordained in 1888.
family depressariidae hiemali moth ethmia||ethmia hiemalis is a moth in the depressariidae family.
capability outline u.s. require mine basis marines casspir mrap ambush vehicle resistant capability project protected||the capabilities of the casspir were the basis of the outline capabilities required by the u.s. marines' for their mine resistant ambush protected or mrap vehicle project.
private film exist collection||this film exists in a private collection.
1970 panja yvon cambodian direct vannak vann dany vichara film star hem||panja is a 1970 cambodian film directed by yvon hem starring vann vannak and vichara dany.
broad northern taiwan central forest leave native||it is native to broad-leaved forests of central and northern taiwan.
metro manila title transport dream plan roadmap formally surrounding infrastructure development manila refer metro plan areas improve metro philippines hope manila integrate transport turn focal metro address point system manila land transportation area environment problem use interlinked||the metro manila dream plan, formally titled the roadmap for transport infrastructure development for metro manila and its surrounding areas, refers to an integrated plan for improving the transport system in metro manila, philippines, with the hope of turning it into a focal point for addressing metro manila's interlinked problems in the areas of transportation, land use, and environment.
effectively see work implement system rather where most when local administrator government force locally attempt||the system was seen to have worked most effectively where they were locally implemented rather than when local government administrators attempted to force them.
know otten kate usually 28 bear maree katherine otten 1964 durban march south numerous south african african architect work win award traditional||katherine maree otten, usually known as kate otten, (born 28 march 1964, durban) is a south african architect, who has won numerous awards for her south african traditional work.
where line country 1,000 indicate letter small meter||countries where the line is below 1,000 meters are indicated in small letters.
drew 1979 11 canadian bear august voice actor artist canada bear nelson ontario etobicoke||drew nelson (born august 11, 1979) is a canadian actor and voice artist born in etobicoke, ontario, canada.
merged team one two thirteen create other side original top new competition level air professional new enter team cup zealand miter know 10 now cup||thirteen of the original teams, plus one merged side created from two other teams, entered the new top-level professional competition, the air new zealand cup (now known as the miter 10 cup).
show 1997 swan black have guild frome solo||in 1997 he had a solo show at the black swan guild in frome.
school instructor aerobics work kay mary elementary saleswoman teacher cosmetic||she has worked as an elementary school teacher, aerobics instructor, and a mary kay cosmetics saleswoman.
plant flower family genus monotypic synandrospadix araceae||synandrospadix is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family araceae.
widen company software||widen is a software company.
expediation august 1862 return 27||this expediation [sic] returned august 27, 1862.
two championships compete four continents grand event 2016 prix four partner grenier skating kolodziej 2018 vanessa sydney||he has competed at two four continents championships (2016, 2018) and four grand prix events with his skating partners, vanessa grenier and sydney kolodziej.
achieve class middle ahmedabad goal struggle metrocity man||it is about the struggles of a middle class man to achieve his goals in the metrocity ahmedabad.
park bear brown serve voytek military war house polish name||after the war the park housed a brown bear named voytek who had served with the polish military.
national union textile workers nudbtw dyers united bleachers kingdom union trade||the national union of dyers, bleachers and textile workers (nudbtw) was a trade union in the united kingdom.
states certain united subject law protection such restriction barrier whistleblower information access cause defamation journalist hostility lack public constraint||in the united states is subject to certain restrictions, such as defamation law, a lack of protection for whistleblowers, barriers to information access and constraints caused by public hostility to journalists.
planning aggregate activity marketing do production 6 plan 18 aggregate idea advance quantity management process other resource give procure so that month total material operation keep organization cost period when minimum||aggregate planning is a marketing activity that does an aggregate plan for the production process, in advance of 6 to 18 months, to give an idea to management as to what quantity of materials and other resources are to be procured and when, so that the total cost of operations of the organization is kept to the minimum over that period.
acquire november airline 2014 bidair cargo||in november 2014 the airline was acquired by bidair cargo.
industry ifpi organization represent federation phonographic worldwide recording interest international industry||the international federation of the phonographic industry (ifpi) is the organization that represents the interests of the recording industry worldwide.
forslund sweden olympics winter 2010 compete||forslund competed at the 2010 winter olympics for sweden.
doctrine also play major supreme standard 1911 case role oil company united states u.s. jersey 221 1911 court new 1||the doctrine also played a major role in the 1911 supreme court case standard oil company of new jersey v. united states 221 u.s. 1 (1911).
serve bishop name cardinal also elevation upon cardinal cardinalate albano||he also served as a cardinal and was named as the cardinal-bishop of albano upon his elevation to the cardinalate.
adamski acid house dj record pharmacy album english musical adamski producer 1990 release||adamski's musical pharmacy is an album by english acid house dj and record producer adamski, released in 1990.
lang february lang 2010 classic sign sony||in february 2010, lang lang signed with sony classic.
last one kidby back move play regina second moskowy season braeden arrangement before||that arrangement lasted one season before kidby moved back to regina to play second for braeden moskowy.
march bear louise page london 7 british 1955 playwright||louise page (born 7 march 1955 in london) is a british playwright.
wigand see 18 november 1944 wolf||see wolf wigand on 18 november 1944.
joshua war ages production barber album work||war of ages worked with joshua barber on the production of the album.
freebsd board if core director project equivalent team company freebsd||the freebsd core team would be the equivalent of a board of directors, if the freebsd project were a company.
produce group notable ware culture type tasian early paint brown top blacktop red interior pottery black||the tasian culture group is notable for producing the earliest blacktop-ware, a type of red and brown pottery, which has been painted black on its top and interior.
town county rhode island washington states narragansett united||narragansett is a town in washington county, rhode island, united states.
topic cover jewish school story israel article baltimore recipe politic jewish such single jewish holiday kosher advice||articles cover topics such as jewish schools, israel, advice, stories, kosher recipes, baltimore politics, jewish singles and jewish holidays.
broad produce trust direct casting krishnan public subasri service||it has been produced by public service broad casting trust and directed by subasri krishnan.
widow focus ouija plot board family film phony where business add seance spirit invite unbeknownst young possess daughter||the film's plot focuses on a widow and her family adding a ouija board to their phony seance business where, unbeknownst to them, they invite a spirit that possesses the youngest daughter.
3rd i-3 interstate division propose highway interstate united highway states infantry 3 augusta georgia knoxville run savannah georgia tennessee north||interstate 3 (i-3), the 3rd infantry division highway, is a proposed interstate highway in the united states to run from savannah, georgia, north to augusta, georgia, and knoxville, tennessee.
british royal finance family come number source||the finances of the british royal family come from a number of sources.
child program 1998 preschool prior gemini eligible program series award children youth best||prior to 1998, programming for preschool children was eligible for the gemini award for best children's or youth program or series.
londonderry foyle road derry londonderry county railway ireland serve station northern||londonderry foyle road railway station served derry, county londonderry in northern ireland.
stadium stand old sanford field originally build site 1926||the stadium stands at the site of the old sanford field, which was originally built in 1926.
prove saint twelve only architectural petersburg input very capable colleges construction however manager probably building||his architectural input is proven only in saint petersburg's twelve colleges building, however, he probably was a very capable construction manager.
positron contrast spect pet dimensional 3 tomography form separate image technique scintigraphy emission therefore although gamma use internal camera also classify detect radiation||in contrast, spect and positron emission tomography (pet) form 3-dimensional images, and are therefore classified as separate techniques to scintigraphy, although they also use gamma cameras to detect internal radiation.
boston also orchestra conduct guest pops soloist tour keith lockhart||she has also toured as guest soloist with the boston pops orchestra conducted by keith lockhart.
art cover different edition contain||each edition contained different cover art.
day 24 spanish language hour network run||the network runs 24 hours a day in the spanish language.
managing capital eplanet partners jamal current cho dennis asad jerry atkinson||current managing partners of eplanet capital are asad jamal, dennis atkinson and jerry cho.
day album giant british progressive gentle giant tenth rock band 1978 release||giant for a day! is the tenth album by british progressive rock band gentle giant which was released in 1978.
split art how knowledge hand mean generation secret cut stone generation language||they handed down their knowledge in the art of how to split and cut stone by means of this secret language from generation to generation.
have valve two definition bivalve together ligament situate flexible hinge strong dorsal edge line shell join||bivalves by definition have two valves, which are joined together by a strong and flexible ligament situated on the hinge line at the dorsal edge of the shell.
crocker play atlanta falcons cincinnati bengals dolphins also miami vikings minnesota||crocker also played for the atlanta falcons, miami dolphins, cincinnati bengals, and minnesota vikings.
sector salient feature develop other service provision denmark compare public provider cooperative country only introduction 1999 system voluntary increase benchmarking saving cost benchmarking substantial efficiency attribute||some salient features of the sector in the denmark compared to other developed countries are: service provision only by public and cooperative providers the introduction of a voluntary benchmarking system in 1999 substantial increases in efficiency and cost savings attributed to benchmarking.
close village ridge public lulworth firing army tyneham range use||some of the ridge, around the village of tyneham, near lulworth, has been closed to the public for use by the army as a firing range.
silver gold win 100 m 400 two 2008 summer three paralympics event 2012 medal||he won two gold and three silver medals in 100-400 m events at the 2008 and 2012 summer paralympics.
2015/16 be crime nature african report 51,895 sexual police service south||during 2015/16, there were 51,895 crimes of a sexual nature reported to the south african police service.
specie oldenlandiopsis monospecific comprise callitrichoide only one||it is monospecific, comprising only one species, oldenlandiopsis callitrichoides.
basketball legendary player russell married 1977 bill||she was married to legendary basketball player bill russell in 1977.
student york university sunysa state wide student 64 new government assembly institution state university university york suny new||the student assembly of the state university of new york (sunysa) is the university-wide student government for the 64 institutions of the state university of new york (suny).
have drug however antigonadotropic as well include many act property compound other receptor progestogen steroid hormone negative sex feedback such estrogen as axis androgen well synthesis steroid gestrinone such hpg danazol inhibitor||however, many other drugs have antigonadotropic properties as well, including compounds acting on sex steroid hormone receptors such as progestogens, androgens, and estrogens (due to negative feedback on the hpg axis), as well as steroid synthesis inhibitors such as danazol and gestrinone.
pietro bevilacqua peter paul bear bevilacqua june paolo marco 29 italy english san 1933 lamis rule footballer australian former player soccer||pietro paolo bevilacqua (english: peter paul bevilacqua) (born 29 june 1933 in san marco in lamis, italy) is a former australian rules footballer and soccer player.
pulpit font 1833||the font and pulpit are from 1833.
cavo intent voting system develop secure vote couple count ensure security accurate utmost transparent open commercial source software shelf cots utilize commodity component free||cavo 's intent is to develop secure and transparent voting systems to ensure accurate vote counts coupled with the utmost in security by utilizing free open source software and commercial off-the-shelf (cots) commodity components.
machinery richard hornsby manufacturer lincolnshire engine sons england 1918 1828||richard hornsby & sons was an engine and machinery manufacturer in lincolnshire, england from 1828 until 1918.
countess charleville lease alderman kirkpatrick dublin alexander high sheriff former corporation||it was leased the countess of charleville to alderman alexander kirkpatrick of dublin corporation a former high sheriff.
cbe head cop british waverley police former office ballantyne general police coast inspector service police gold richard may 1944 18 august 1948 21||richard waverley head ballantyne, cbe, cop, was a former british police office and was the inspector general of police of the gold coast police service from 21 may 1944 to 18 august 1948.
play chile include states major walker united soccer professionally league||walker played professionally in chile and the united states, including major league soccer.
fm dw double pronounce fm r 101.9 101.9 manila hour dwrr mor radio brand abs station cbn also music 24 fm network philippines station flagship radio only||dwrr-fm (pronounced as dw-double-r; 101.9 fm), branded as mor 101.9 manila, is a 24-hour music radio station of abs-cbn, and is also the flagship fm station of my only radio network in the philippines.
committee introduction ajc publish executive ajc american director david jewish a. harris||it was published by the american jewish committee (ajc) with an introduction by ajc executive director david a. harris.
bear 21 paul victoria 1961 reedy australian robinvale former rower january||paul reedy (born 21 january 1961 in robinvale, victoria) is an australian former rower.
constitutional convention limited tennessee member 1977||he was a member of tennessee's 1977 limited constitutional convention.
spcc cruising shelly club park club yacht docking also facility beach dry point where estuary beach moor offer access boat||shelly park cruising club (spcc) is a yacht club at this beach which also offers dry docking facilities and the beach is an access point to the estuary where boats are moored.
religious degree protestant freedom nantes cease edict fontainebleau edict follow grant||protestants were granted a degree of religious freedom following the edict of nantes, but it ceased with the edict of fontainebleau.
soldier lay ambush anti group handheld small - effectively entire column destroy weapon battle grozny first while modern armor artillery support tank reduce party if want civilian superior severely casualty limit air party much use even civilian possible as human shield defend||ambushes laid down by small groups of soldiers with handheld anti-tank weapons can effectively destroy entire columns of modern armor (as in the first battle of grozny), while artillery and air support can be severely reduced if the 'superior' party wants to limit civilian casualties as much as possible, but the defending party does not (or even uses civilians as human shields).
trust organization profit surplus re - invest generate service provision benefit run customer enterprise||the enterprise trusts are run as not-for-profit organizations with any surpluses generated re-invested in the provision of services for the benefit of customers.
beetle morimospasma cerambycidae tuberculatum species family||morimospasma tuberculatum is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
nuclear proliferation power balance state also maintain prevent state context acquire seek nuclear other nuclear part strategy weapon||in the context of nuclear proliferation and maintaining the balance of power, states also seek to prevent other states from acquiring nuclear weapons as part of nuclear strategy.
dame pique queen 1927 drama direct film aleksandr silent razumny german star jenny spades de forster henri rudolf vries jugo||the queen of spades or pique dame is a 1927 german silent drama film directed by aleksandr razumny and starring jenny jugo, rudolf forster and henri de vries .
manager president university owner previously scholarships canada majority eventually||previously he was a manager, president, and eventually majority owner of university scholarships of canada.
esbenshade professor art art practice duke history studies visual currently university||she is currently the esbenshade professor of the practice of art, art history and visual studies at duke university.
play sing straitjacket 2005 reunion guitar tour new zealand fit||he played guitar and sang on the straitjacket fits 2005 reunion tour of new zealand.
degree convict 2001 second murder||he was convicted of second-degree murder in 2001.
one ten woman man take eleven six part competitor eleven event sport||eleven competitors, ten men and one woman, took part in eleven events in six sports.
since tour rihanna australian first earth tour february girl last 2011||this was rihanna's first australian tour since february 2011 with the last girl on earth tour.
generation eventually fifth 1992 systems sell company||the company was eventually sold to fifth generation systems in 1992.
time show 1987 first since hold jumping cup world dressage final final france world while since cup france 1991 hold||for the first time since 1987 show jumping world cup final will be held in france while dressage world cup final hasn't been held in france since 1991.
little connect lake small version canal vegetation west weir fill||it is connected to a smaller version of it, little lake weir, to the west by a vegetation-filled canal.
folylpolyglutamate enzyme that human mitochondrial gene synthase fpgs encode||folylpolyglutamate synthase, mitochondrial is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the fpgs gene.
give user own roland midi player file call sb-55 brush also sound||roland also gave users their own midi file player, called sb-55 sound brush.
newspaper newsmagazine american cityview area moines iowa des alternative||cityview is an american alternative newsmagazine newspaper in the des moines, iowa, area.
royal london - embassy danish founder co one||the royal danish embassy in london was one of the co-founders.
sound picking train also artist 3d effect visual resident film work evil engineer||picking is a trained sound engineer and artist, and has also worked on 3d visual effects for the film resident evil.
zero measure at percent effaced all indicate 100 thin effacement percent cervix paper percentage||effacement may be measured in percentages, from zero percent (not effaced at all) to 100 percent, which indicates a paper-thin cervix.
lives 1999 nine part tour||part of the 1999 nine lives tour.
premiere series afternoon kapamilya cbn abs block gold filipino worldwide august january 2015 31 29 flordeliza replace channel 2016||the series premiered on abs-cbn's kapamilya gold afternoon block and worldwide via the filipino channel from august 31, 2015 to january 29, 2016, replacing flordeliza.
rugosa fruit genus strauzia species tephritid strauzia tephritidae fly family||strauzia rugosa is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus strauzia of the family tephritidae.
temporary disgrace when remove corruption suffer restore favor justice lord chief 1370 office later ireland become return english bench 2||he suffered temporary disgrace when he was removed from office for corruption, but he was restored to favor, became lord chief justice of ireland 1370-2, and later returned to the english bench.
shorten keyboard sometimes bass bass key synth use low bass keyboard substitute pitch guitar bass double music bass pedal refer keyboard||keyboard bass (shortened to key bass and sometimes referred as a synth bass ) is the use of a low-pitched keyboard or pedal keyboard to substitute for the bass guitar or double bass in music.
educator holmes name district mcguffey honor township william west bear finley||the district name honors educator william holmes mcguffey who was born in west finley township.
75th locate precinct avenue sutter area patrol 1000||the area is patrolled by the 75th precinct located at 1000 sutter avenue.
return additionally territory lewis see city familiar fictional state winnemac american zenith||additionally, it sees a return to the familiar territory of lewis' fictional american city of zenith, in the state of winnemac.
o2 academy record 2011 bournemouth may||it was recorded in may 2011 at the o2 academy bournemouth.
3 march return 2014 sportsnation beadle||on march 3, 2014, beadle returned to sportsnation.
hill edge story prize story short contest hold university edge short hill annually||the edge hill short story prize is a short-story contest held annually by edge hill university.
right brangman batsman handed keeper wicket play||brangman is a right-handed batsman who plays as a wicket-keeper.
lrwy mark railway report lehigh shortline bradford county wyoming railroad county pennsylvania||the lehigh railway (reporting mark lrwy) is a shortline railroad in wyoming county and bradford county, pennsylvania.
member politician ram indian mansa national indian congress||mansa ram is an indian politician and member of the indian national congress.
child produce television program riddlers yorkshire itv british 1989 1998||the riddlers is a british children's program produced by yorkshire television for itv between 1989 and 1998.
coronatus possum reclusive species ringtail family marsupial pseudochirops pseudocheiridae||the reclusive ringtail possum (pseudochirops coronatus) is a species of marsupial in the family pseudocheiridae.
almont locate township village||the village is located within almont township.
hottentot aviator 1922 silent hapless individual have famous steeplehorse jockey comedy where similar pretend||the aviator is similar to the silent comedy the hottentot (1922), where a hapless individual has to pretend to be a famous steeplehorse jockey.
ii * 1977 become list grade building||in 1977 it became a grade ii* listed building.
girl party appear such wigstock film movie movie wong foo thank peoria starrbooty gay babylon||she has appeared in films such as party girl, wigstock: the movie, peoria babylon, starrbooty, another gay movie, and to wong foo, thanks for everything!
gold most band 2014 school win honor 2013 recent best win history tennessee hold middle annually overall prestigious bandapalooza||the 2013-2014 band of gold won the most prestigious honor in the schools recent history by winning "best overall" at middle tennessee's "bandapalooza" which is held annually.
maninetti 1926 bear 19 italian rower fortunato august||fortunato maninetti (born 19 august 1926) is an italian rower.
thaman score music audio label five audios star||thaman has scored the music under the audio label of five star audios.
license world center world also resort centers approve trade association trade wtca||a world trade center license for the resort has also been approved by the world trade centers association (wtca).
event sequence mohri universe part say uninterrupted||"everything in this universe is part of an uninterrupted sequence of events" mohri has said.
line photograph photograph begin musician replace drawing||it begins with a photograph of a musician that is replaced by a line drawing of that photograph.
greek achate name achatina agate||the name "achatina" is from "achates", greek for agate.
mean for limited range provide perform command use line interface administrator task||it provides the means for administrators to perform a limited range of tasks using a command line interface.
vision number white female surp.41.l.3089 know second war world home national service pigeon post also serve no 190 service . raf pigeon squadron||white vision, also known by her service number surp.41.l.3089, was a female second world war homing pigeon who served with the national pigeon service and was posted to no. 190 squadron raf.
penn lions nittany 1993 state state team football university 1993 represent ncaa a i pennsylvania division season football||the 1993 penn state nittany lions football team represented the pennsylvania state university in the 1993 ncaa division i-a football season.
use gsm card phone account allow device sim swap||all gsm phones use a sim card to allow an account to be swapped among devices.
krlic 1985 name stage cloak bear british haxan know bobby producer musician||bobby krlic (born 1985), known by his stage name the haxan cloak, is a british musician and producer.
darwin begin 2004 line opening operate follow||in 2004 they began to operate to darwin following this line opening.
feature appearance stevie lamar charlie bush wonder wilson gwen kendrick stefani guest t.i. ross rick||bush features guest appearances from kendrick lamar, stevie wonder, charlie wilson, gwen stefani, t.i. and rick ross.
oklahoma 22 title win time tournament conference time ncaa 27 ncaa world women series college time 4 time win ncaa championship 10||oklahoma has won their conference title 22 times, has been to the ncaa tournament 27 times, has been to the ncaa women's college world series 10 times, and has won the ncaa championship 4 times.
work 1970 bbn since||since 1970, he has worked at bbn.
unnecessary prevent environmental health environment damage agency u.s. regulatory protection establish agency human policy minimize air source mobile such pollution environmental||to prevent unnecessary damage to human health and the environment, environmental regulatory agencies such as the u.s. environmental protection agency have established policies to minimize air pollution from mobile sources.
few only 1131 august accept month floris offer later west become lord frisians territory conflict reignite however entire brother||only a few months later, however, in august 1131, floris accepted an offer from the west-frisians to become lord of their entire territory, which reignited the conflict with his brother.
significant imes-1 portion rnas rna make exceptionally five abundant transcript time many ribosome rna sample pacific marine find rnas ocean imes-1||imes-1 rnas make up a significant portion of marine rna transcripts and are exceptionally abundant in that over five times as many imes-1 rnas were found as ribosomes in rnas sampled from the pacific ocean.
primary group serve gas 2010 lyricist mask sputnik one best album name hop hip music albums underground 2010||he served as primary lyricist on the group's 2010 album gas mask, which sputnik music named as one of the best underground hip-hop albums of 2010.
land place catholic new worship many want||many were catholic, and in their new land they wanted a place to worship.
grammy engineer paul dieter head sound nominate||the head sound engineer is grammy-nominated paul dieter.
obtain operating download user system usually gnu available system distribution range gnu variety wide embed computer device librecmc example personal gnu supercomputer hurd powerful example rocks cluster example distribution debian||gnu users usually obtain their operating system by downloading gnu distributions, which are available for a wide variety of systems ranging from embedded devices (for example, librecmc) and personal computers (for example, debian gnu/hurd) to powerful supercomputers (for example, rocks cluster distribution).
structure bill tongue parrotlike parrot superficially arise feature relationship specialized jaw diet rather real relationship suggest||the jaw and tongue structure, and the superficially parrotlike bill have suggested a relationship to the parrots, but these features have arisen from its specialized diet rather than any real relationship.
turnout voter % 77.8 report||voter turnout was reported to be 77.8%.
second club tour welsh singer songwriter concert tour lonely hearts diamonds marina||the lonely hearts club tour is the second concert tour by welsh singer-songwriter marina and the diamonds.
basketball team basketball league national nbl palace compete crystal bbl until league merge towers london british 1998 basketball then||crystal palace was a basketball team competing in the national basketball league (nbl) and then the british basketball league (bbl), until they merged with the london towers in 1998.
semyon poet epic subject russian schakschansky take frug drama wove yiddish||the russian poet semyon frug took it as the subject of an epic; and schakschansky wove it into a drama in yiddish.
help finish 1973 song a annual europe third perform cliff bbc richard song contest||in 1973, his song "help it along" finished third in the bbc's annual a song for europe contest, performed by cliff richard.
close college area maliduwa situate road natural hilly main surrounding akuressa||the college is situated in a hilly area, close to akuressa maliduwa main road with natural surroundings.
sea mexichromis slug festiva dorid shell less nudibranch species mollusc family marine chromodorididae gastropod||mexichromis festiva is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family chromodorididae.
persistent structure data scale typically large general purpose case subject oppose processing complex application as specialized data specialized productivity application see hpc high set||the data structures in this case are typically persistent, complex, and large scale - the subject of general purpose applications, as opposed to specialized processing of specialized data sets seen in high productivity applications (hpc).
use notable two test such area clause e.g. dormant most commerce states united 1994 planned abortion lopez area e.g. parenthood 1992 casey||the two most notable areas to use such tests are the areas of the dormant commerce clause (e.g. united states v. lopez, 1994) and abortion (e.g. planned parenthood v. casey, 1992).
shell ambulacrum row echinoderm elongate foot area arrange tube zoology||in zoology, an ambulacrum is an elongated area of the shell of an echinoderm in which a row of tube feet are arranged.
athletic guelph represent team ontario griffins guelph canada guelph university||the guelph griffins are the athletic teams that represent the university of guelph in guelph, ontario, canada.
download album double cd make digital vinyl available||the album was made available as a digital download, cd and double vinyl.
greek cafe theater heritage roxy theater 74 peters street list maitland cafe new gwydir south complex australia bingara shire wales||roxy theater and peters greek cafe complex is a heritage-listed theater and cafe at 74 maitland street, bingara, gwydir shire, new south wales, australia.
smith rocarlo anguillan bear 12 football 1986 player october||rocarlo smith (born october 12, 1986) is an anguillan football player.
exterior shingle gable house shingle arrange form wall element queen anne styling wave end||the house's exterior walls are shingled, and the shingles on the gable ends are arranged to form waves, an element of queen anne styling.
shell similar change start loop loop iterate as so task variable value command specify script pass that many||similar to shell loops, a variable is changed as the loop starting the tasks iterates, so that many values can get passed to the specified command or script.
belgian coach belgian mestdagh coach philip eurobasket basketball team women 2017 national||philip mestdagh is a belgian basketball coach of the belgian national team, which he coached at the eurobasket women 2017.
service grade provide part educational 12 district omak child 9 school||it provides educational service for children in grades 9 to 12, and is part of the omak school district.
species anopheles mosquito genus anophele punctipennis||anopheles punctipennis is a species of mosquito in genus anopheles.
also 10029 code know encoding page||this encoding is also known as code page 10029.
earth dish oven make argentina guateada head traditional cow cabeza condiment||cabeza guateada is a traditional earth oven dish from argentina made with the head of a cow and condiments.
st century name 20th helen use site near secondary old school sheerien school edward original merge edward new well 1992 merge high royston 2009 school sheerian college community carlton form||the name st helen's was used for a 20th-century secondary school near to the site of the old well which merged with the original edward sheerien school in 1992 (the new edward sheerian school merged with royston high in 2009 to form carlton community college).
rank 2018 12 contender ufc official ranking july heavyweight light 26||as of 26 july 2018, he is the #12 ranked contender in the official ufc light heavyweight rankings.
heterachthes species tysiphonis cerambycidae family beetle||heterachthes tysiphonis is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
bus coach coach operator lines south australia west western west south||south west coach lines is a bus and coach operator in south west western australia.
law current allow access counseling active such only alter military duty member reserves member guard that bill so eligible national||the bill would alter current law, which allows access to such counseling only to active duty members of the military, so that members of the reserves and national guard would be eligible.
found pattaya gay late-1980s first venue||it was founded in the late-1980s with the first gay venue in all of pattaya.
name band boyz smoko new assume dzesmoko simple origin acronym give kanindo style name music music tazvida||the band assumed a new name, boyz dzesmoko, in which "smoko" is an acronym for "simple music of kanindo origin", the name tazvida gave to his style of music.
ottawa 1919 election district electoral part create||it was created for the 1919 election from part of the ottawa electoral district.
1975 monne describe||it was described by monne in 1975.
lau consist archipelago geographically||geographically it consists of the lau archipelago.
release second blood album studio peak july albums chart number 2 uk 2015||her second studio album, blood, was released in july 2015, peaking at number 2 on the uk albums chart.
steel very only use produce previously item small expensive such expensive armor knife sword||previously steel was very expensive to produce and only used in small expensive items such as knives, swords and armor.
return additionally territory lewis see city familiar fictional state winnemac american zenith||additionally, it sees a return to the familiar territory of lewis' fictional american city of zenith, in the state of winnemac.
wythoff 3 have 5/2 5/3 3/2 require symbol schwarz | different triangle 5/3 3/2 3 generate composite two 5/3 5/2 3||it has a composite wythoff symbol, 3 5/3 (3/2 5/2) |, requiring two different schwarz triangles to generate it: (3 5/3 3/2) and (3 5/3 5/2).
shadows upcoming indie play elysian game multiplatform video development elysian shadows role team 2d||elysian shadows is an upcoming multiplatform indie 2d role-playing video game in development by elysian shadows team.
neal march 14 bear elise 1966 american actress demetria||elise demetria neal (born march 14, 1966) is an american actress.
university university nevada duke sharkey attend||sharkey attended duke university and the university of nevada.
film direct several producer also work||he has also worked as producer on several films he did not direct.
fight variety come ethnic volunteer religious loyalty reason money include case||volunteers came to fight for a variety of reasons including religious or ethnic loyalties and in some cases for money.
club senior scottish heston rovers home football palmerston game play dumfries football south share club queen park||heston rovers football club are a scottish senior football club who play their home games at palmerston park in dumfries, which they share with queen of the south.
australia union tour series rugby play nine national australia union team wallabies 1973 wales rugby europe 1973 england match october november||the 1973 australia rugby union tour of europe was a series of nine matches played by the australia national rugby union team (the wallabies) in england and wales in october and november 1973.
ite ford seattle scale car design tremulis 3/8 display april 1962 xxi stand ford world seattle fair alex 20 concept||the ford seattle-ite xxi was a 3/8 scale concept car designed by alex tremulis and displayed on 20 april 1962 on the ford stand at the seattle world's fair.
adventure united affair stealth software delphine game release 1990 international states||the stealth affair in the united states, is an adventure game from delphine software international, released in 1990.
auburn coastal abandon village hartburn erosion former||the former villages of auburn and hartburn have been abandoned due to coastal erosion.
also album group own reality television support star saturdays introduce show ep support audience chase mercury records american||in support of the ep and album, the group also starred in their own reality television show, chasing the saturdays, to introduce them to an american audience in support with mercury records.
own develop other country ppu paramilitary police compare swat also force unit describe||other countries have developed their own paramilitary police units (ppus) that are also described as or compared to swat forces.
house elizabethan call house fulford originally build first peryam mansion judge sir 1604 lord chief baron exchequer 1534 william||the elizabethan mansion house originally called fulford house was first built by sir william peryam (1534-1604), a judge and lord chief baron of the exchequer.
tamil also release version film dub||a tamil dubbed version of the film was also released.
shrub synaphea western quartzitica endemic australia||synaphea quartzitica is a shrub endemic to western australia.
oscar obvious most wilde time call wilde oscar bookshop so memorial||and oscar wilde was the most obvious at the time, so i called it the oscar wilde memorial bookshop.
moth compsotypa phaeosaces species||phaeosaces compsotypa is a species of moth.
own broadcasting operate flinn||wavn is owned and operated by flinn broadcasting.
1939 james ranson arthur book english bear illustrator know comic look button division anderson work man psi mazeworld||arthur james ranson (born 1939) is an english comic book illustrator, known for his work on look-in, anderson: psi division, button man and mazeworld.
guttannen district oberhasli municipality interlaken canton switzerland administrative bern||guttannen is a municipality in the interlaken-oberhasli administrative district in the canton of bern in switzerland.
blood game new york feud board||blood feud in new york is a board game.
distribute begin neighbor several later year interest fruit townspeople notoriety plant new spread||several years later he began distributing plants to neighbors and townspeople whose interest in the new fruit helped spread its notoriety.
madryga block 1984 e. cipher cryptography publish madryga w.||in cryptography, madryga is a block cipher published in 1984 by w. e. madryga.
subfamily beetle family silvaninae silvanidae silvanid bark flat||silvaninae is a subfamily of silvanid flat bark beetles in the family silvanidae.
industry morocco agriculture tax 2013 exemption complete enjoy||agriculture industry in morocco enjoyed a complete tax exemption until 2013.
school graduate include st. catchment st. jude san ruiz matthew st. lorenzo hilary elementary live school valentine east st. mavis rd student||the school catchment includes graduates of st. hilary, st. matthew, st. jude, san lorenzo ruiz elementary schools, st. valentine students living east of mavis rd.
decade congo complete multi - transition politic turbulent 1992 party democracy||after decades of turbulent politics, in 1992 congo completed a transition to multi-party democracy.
base club zero southland sit velodrome cycling invercargill cycling new fees zealand||cycling southland is a cycling club based at the sit zero fees velodrome in invercargill, new zealand.
david century although church font norman st fifteenth||the church of st david is fifteenth century, although the font is norman.
american exodus 2006 only australia festival band||they were the only american band at 2006's exodus festival in australia.
family most commonly marine fish flathead refer platycephalidae||platycephalidae are a family of marine fish, most commonly referred to as flatheads.
relative stroud since marginal other 1992 as very seat win swing seat exceed candidate 9.1 majority well as % majority 19.2 since vote % year election win||stroud has been relative to others a very marginal seat since 1992 as well as a swing seat; as the winning candidate's majority has not exceeded 9.1% of the vote since the 19.2% majority won at that year's election.
hiv aids america prevalence % rate 0.20 vary 1.50 south % trinidad tobago bolivia||hiv/aids prevalence rates in south america vary from 0.20% in bolivia to 1.50% in trinidad and tobago.
walden election 23 1965 march awarding peerage life hold mp rab saffron conservative butler||the saffron walden by-election of 23 march 1965 was held after the awarding of a life peerage to conservative mp rab butler.
movement musically bring jewish musician contemporary songwriting spearhead band style cultural||musically, the band spearheaded a movement of jewish musicians to bring cultural styles into contemporary songwriting.
kurla ground bandra complex ground cricket maharashtra bandra||bandra kurla complex ground is cricket ground in bandra, maharashtra.
movie song brokeback love entitle grow 2005 soundtrack never mountain release win award single globe accolade honor old other golden||her song for the soundtrack of the 2005 movie brokeback mountain, entitled "a love that will never grow old", was not released as a single but won a golden globe award among other honors and accolades.
year sura ursus less consulship time frequently know ab year condita 855 urbe||at the time, it was known as the year of the consulship of ursus and sura (or, less frequently, year 855 ab urbe condita).
spring sidewheel troy steamer paddle own bottom madison captain james tucker confederate sunken felix||at the bottom of the troy spring is the sunken confederate sidewheel paddle steamer madison, which had been owned and captained by james felix tucker.
introduce uk one long brand confectioner 1915 cadbury running portfolio||introduced by cadbury uk in 1915, it is one of the longest running brands in the confectioner's portfolio.
royal form regiment inniskilling foot fusiliers||regiment of foot to form the royal inniskilling fusiliers.
season olympians final 1952 nba nba 4th 53 season||the 1952-53 nba season was the olympians' 4th and final season in the nba.
public technology policy spur organization innovation focus||the organization focuses on public policies that spur technology innovation.
tenth dillon novel sean||it is his tenth sean dillon novel.
electoral district saskatchewan long federal commons house canada canada 1925 represent 1935 lake||long lake was a federal electoral district in saskatchewan, canada, that was represented in the house of commons of canada from 1925 to 1935.
vote people only republic describe structure place wherein institution representative basic||it could be described as a republic (i.e., people voting for representatives) wherein only the basic structures and institutions are in place.
bala form use full name ' rajan balasubramanian note columnist natarajan cricket shortened||rajan bala, who used a shortened form of his full name 'natarajan balasubramanian', was a noted columnist in cricket.
global bifurcation saddle bifurcation bear become period chaotic find loop cascade sky blue catastrophe disappear orbit double||the bifurcation is found in an orbit that is born in a global saddle-loop bifurcation, becomes chaotic in a period doubling cascade, and disappears in the blue sky catastrophe.
database icdd characterization material tool material produce support educational well organize as workshop conference global clinic||the icdd produces materials databases, characterization tools, and educational materials, as well as organizing and supporting global workshops, clinics and conferences.
provincial provincial election datum list synchronize first elector national elector register electors||this was the first provincial election for which elector data in the provincial elector list was synchronized with the national register of electors.
flanagan gabriel bear august joyce 1990 helen english actress model 7 personality television||helen joyce gabriel flanagan (born 7 august 1990) is an english actress, model, and television personality.
american contest together association junior determine championship league minor series world league international baseball least united eastern team states half||together with the international league, the american association contested the junior world series which determined the championship team in minor league baseball, at least for the eastern half of the united states.
1982 also museum main wisconsin building company know office michigan organize state land historic site list lumber 1973 deignate historic places national 1991 register||the museum was organized in 1982, and the main building, also known as the wisconsin land and lumber company office, was deignated a michigan state historic site in 1973 and listed on the national register of historic places in 1991.
method proportional system party list representation member grand 600 parliament national elect 87 assembly d'hondt different electoral district population mps depend elect number||the d'hondt method, a party-list proportional representation system, to elect 600 members of parliament to the grand national assembly from 87 electoral districts that elect different numbers of mps depending on their populations.
briefly imperial see velikiy russian romanian navy independence knyaz nikolay war service||she briefly saw service with the imperial russian navy as velikiy knyaz nikolay during the romanian war of independence.
michael bear creator write ivor wood 3d use paddington motion stop model first 12 transmit animation bond bbc1 direct watch 1968 mother timeslot february||it was written by michael bond (creator of paddington bear), directed by ivor wood using 3d stop motion model animation and first transmitted from 12 february 1968 in the bbc1 watch with mother timeslot.
licciardi bear boss vincenzo 27 one licciardi june 1965 alliance leader clan syndicate main camorra secondigliano operate region crime campania surround naples||vincenzo licciardi (born june 27, 1965) is the boss of the licciardi clan, and one of the main leaders of the secondigliano alliance, a camorra crime syndicate operating in naples and the surrounding campania region.
tech jackets georgia team yellow 1946 tech yellow football georgia jackets 1946 institute georgia college technology football season represent||the 1946 georgia tech yellow jackets football team represented the georgia tech yellow jackets of the georgia institute of technology during the 1946 college football season.
bear new 1906 city york thon||thon was born in new york city in 1906.
football national confirm list squad world 2006 cup fifa article 9 june hold july germany 2006 9 tournament||this article lists the confirmed national football squads for the 2006 fifa world cup tournament held in germany, between 9 june and 9 july 2006.
people consider cardigan victoria road local burley largely road road university edge park road alexandra boundary park woodhouse hyde moor||local people would largely consider victoria road, cardigan road, alexandra road (or burley road) and the university edge of the park, woodhouse moor, to be the boundaries of hyde park.
example apply insolvent other procedure administration liquidation company||other procedures, for example administration and liquidation, apply to insolvent companies.
newspaper one american three athens produce african||it was one of three african american newspapers produced in athens.
produce mitchell willie mix album||the album was produced and mixed by willie mitchell.
american devita author actor james jim||james "jim" devita is an american actor and author.
team world championship professional tag team championship defend member woman national tag alliance promotion 1950 wrestling 1983 women wrestling early||the world women's tag team championship was a women's professional wrestling tag team championship defended in member promotions of the national wrestling alliance from the early 1950s through 1983.
give huon 1918 long army states cavalry service george united military remount horse sir sire||in 1918, sir huon was given by george long to the united states army cavalry remount service as a sire for military horses.
general keep secretary finally progress regularly negotiation council inform report minurso make end period mandate set 30 request 2011 april provide||finally, the secretary-general was requested to keep the council regularly informed on progress made during the negotiations, providing a report before the end of minurso's mandate period, set at april 30, 2011.
south australian council list 1857 1861 legislative member february||this is a list of members of the south australian legislative council from 1857 to february 1861.
islands visit one argadnel blessed paradise bran earthly||argadnel is one of the islands of the earthly paradise that were visited by bran the blessed.
vida also refer timeshare vacation vacations destination company allow club purchase membership right customer estate recently interest 15 use real mexico more resort||vida vacations is a vacation membership company (also referred to as a timeshare or destination club), which allows its customers to purchase a right to use and, more recently, a real estate interest in 15 resorts in mexico.
council far unita address foreign national member evacuation huambo location occupy ensure family unita other ask||further addressing unita, the council asked it to ensure the evacuation of foreign nationals and their family members from huambo and other locations occupied by unita.
name bear 1987 linford smales british stage actor lewis||lewis smales (stage name linford) (born 1987) is a british actor.
harry 15 old year lee lee frank batsman bowler 1911 1934 play spin one match middlesex test||harry lee, 15 years older than frank lee, was a batsman and spin bowler for middlesex from 1911 to 1934 and played in one test match.
strongly also europe chart reach number three iceland song||it also charted strongly on europe; in iceland, the song reached number three.
department haut ignaucourt de france northern somme - commune france||ignaucourt is a commune in the somme department in hauts-de-france in northern france.
2016 evolve water lake union rowing 200 have club club member sport||as of 2016, the club has evolved into a rowing and water sport club on lake union and has 200 members.
smiths suter lowes snyders fosters mccurdys most henkstellers reagans prominent area settler||suters, smiths, snyders, lowes, mccurdys, henkstellers, reagans and fosters were the most prominent settlers in the area.
transit conjunction station jersey operate 730 park space new u.s. tonnelle route lot ride avenue 1 49th 9 51st streets||in conjunction with the station, new jersey transit operates a 730-space park-and-ride lot on tonnelle avenue (u.s. route 1 & 9), between 49th and 51st streets.
437 accord census people 2008 population||its population according to the 2008 census was 437 people.
finnish edit publish wsoy literature society dictionary||the dictionary was edited by the finnish literature society and published by wsoy.
merit order also italy italy republic order general o'higgins bernardo chile president president award||he has also been awarded the order of merit of the republic of italy by the president of italy and the order general bernardo o'higgins by the president of chile.
church 24 third 1842 historic found brick market covington november floor building||this historic church was founded november 24, 1842, in a third floor of a brick building near the covington market.
chunnam currently coach mostly dragons player team play club reserve||he is currently a reserve team coach of chunnam dragons, the club he mostly played for as a player.
provide year now housing operate rehabilitative overnight such program participate man community program kitchen chattanooga round||it now operates year-round to provide overnight housing for men who are participating in a rehabilitative program, such as the program of the chattanooga community kitchen.
live encourage take program twitter facebook four part viewer||four live encouraged viewers to take part in the program through facebook and twitter.
bear 1928 specialize behavior richard mainland africa biologist mammal estes despard||richard despard estes (born 1928) is a biologist specializing in the behavior of mammals in mainland africa.
plot paul base write pseudonym andrew 1956 garve winterton novel megstone||it is based on the 1956 novel the megstone plot by paul winterton, written under the pseudonym andrew garve.
song hit big||the songs were a big hit.
controversial west tour rebel africa south 1982 moseley life sign west ban earn cricket indies indies||moseley signed on for the controversial west indies "rebel tour" of south africa in 1982, earning him a life ban from west indies cricket.
developer million make provide one large private 4.2 public art commission||the $4.2 million provided by the developer makes it one of the largest private commissions of public art.
rab-5b human gene rab5b protein that encode||rab-5b is a protein that in humans is encoded by the rab5b gene.
kufi west cap africa call||in west africa, this cap is called a kufi.
2015 2520 elo rating december fide||as of december, 2015, his fide elo rating is 2520.
four consist vocal coins jimmy popular gregorakis brother jack group george mahramas george mantalis||the four coins were a popular vocal group, consisting of jimmy gregorakis, george mantalis, and brothers george and jack mahramas.
soon carnegie establish shop 1952 own hall||soon after in 1952, established their own shop in carnegie hall.
follow edition edition release vinyl 26 2010 january deluxe available||a vinyl edition was released, followed by a deluxe edition available on january 26, 2010.
hit single x angan tipe hati know genit sendiri sakit nggak lagi sendirian such hitam lagi kamu mawar||tipe-x are known for their hit singles, such as "genit", "angan", "sakit hati", "lagi-lagi sendiri", "kamu nggak sendirian" and "mawar hitam".
typically develop subject chicken country intensive while develop method farming area use chicken traditional more technique less raise farming||in developed countries, chickens are typically subject to intensive farming methods, while less-developed areas raise chickens using more traditional farming techniques.
use also beverage food synthetically produce fragrance liniment||it is also synthetically produced, used as a fragrance, in foods and beverages, and in liniments.
play university southern mississippi college football||he played college football for the university of southern mississippi.
prehistoric rift nakuru province kenya hyrax site valley hill||hyrax hill is a prehistoric site near nakuru in the rift valley province of kenya.
stage parade tape boulevard campaign california berkeley police motorcycle organizer convertible limousine flank occupy ticker||the organizers of the campaign staged a ticker-tape parade down a boulevard in berkeley, california, with motorcycle police flanking a convertible limousine occupied by nobody.
black essential hit australian album great sorrows blue root black band sorrows third||the essential black sorrows is the third greatest hits album by australian blues and roots band, the black sorrows.
asian chief pediatrics congress hold organizer 1960 first delhi one new||she was one of the chief organizers of the first asian congress of pediatrics held in 1960 at new delhi.
william bear 23 monkhouse october 1980 english footballer professional town andrew whitby play winger||andrew william monkhouse (born 23 october 1980) is an english professional footballer who plays as a winger for whitby town.
alt music country gothic tie munly americana have||munly's music has ties to alt-country and gothic-americana.
college play football oklahoma attend school city city forrest high arkansas university forrest||he played college football at the university of oklahoma and attended forrest city high school in forrest city, arkansas.
popular birthday entertainer sharon happy child album originally bram release lois 1988 ninth||happy birthday is the ninth album by popular children's entertainers sharon, lois & bram, originally released in 1988.
often hero find year mostly heroes nominees australian australian mockumentary know australia create series star - tv write shorten chris co lilley shelton matthew saville direct ryan||we can be heroes: finding the australian of the year (often shortened to we can be heroes and mostly known as the nominees outside of australia) is an australian mockumentary tv series starring and created and co-written by chris lilley and ryan shelton and directed by matthew saville.
tv3 commentator denmark + now 1 formula||he is now a formula 1 commentator for tv3+ in denmark.
riding locate winnipeg southeastern niakwa||the niakwa riding was located in southeastern winnipeg.
veterinary lead medicine physician term surgeon how meaning veterinary use other veterinary different anglophone specialist country surgical denote normally vet where refer||veterinary medicine is led by veterinary physicians, termed 'veterinary surgeons' (with a different meaning to how it is used in some other anglophone countries, where it denotes a surgical specialist), normally referred to as 'vets'.
bolshevik case quote case substantiate 1924 kanpur may||among them, the kanpur bolshevik case of may 1924 can be quoted as a substantiating case.
post 1976 moscow 1971 1976 rise 1980 then first where rank london secretary||from 1971 to 1976 he was posted to moscow, then from 1976 to 1980 to london, where he rose to the rank of first secretary.
st. township pendleton u.s. township francois county state missouri inactive||pendleton township is an inactive township in st. francois county, in the u.s. state of missouri.
227 year light discover earth locate million 1827 john astronomer 22 herschel approximately november||it is located approximately 227 million light-years from earth and was discovered on 22 november 1827 by astronomer john herschel.
real show radio 7 11 pm et run originally 104.1||the show originally ran on real radio 104.1 from 7 to 11 pm et.
powered turbojet k-200 concept propose kawanishi world boat flying japan ii late war||kawanishi k-200 was a concept for a turbojet-powered flying boat proposed in japan late in world war ii.
genus nossa family moth epicopeiidae||nossa is a genus of moth in the epicopeiidae family.
chief centerplex tukwila washington work 1996 strategist seattle enterprise||after 1996 he worked as a chief strategist for centerplex, an enterprise in tukwila, washington, near seattle.
director festival founder delhi international arts||she was the founder director of the delhi international arts festival.
health human perry services committee senate chairwoman committee member judiciary senate||perry was the chairwoman of senate committee on health & human services and a member, senate committee on judiciary.
bear nearby fighter k. muchukunnu village kelappan freedom||the freedom fighter k. kelappan was born in a nearby village, muchukunnu.
final romania victory uruguay 2011 draw qualify win world rugby cup||romania won the final over uruguay with a victory and a draw to qualify for the 2011 rugby world cup.
streamlined send where war work acton use trailer car rebuild stock 1938 car||after the war the streamlined cars were sent to acton works, where they were rebuilt into trailer cars, used with the 1938 stock.
104.5 music country ksty format fm license city station colorado radio canon||ksty (104.5 fm) is a country music formatted radio station licensed to canon city, colorado.
appear first first video series eponymous game||he first appeared in the first and eponymous video game of the series.
play improvise use rule soccer closely modern gridiron while rugby resemble more inaugural traditionally consider college football season football||while played using improvised rules more closely resembling soccer and rugby than modern gridiron football, it is traditionally considered the inaugural college football season.
know leeds abbey also priory priory leeds 1119 kent england dissolve found 1539 leeds||leeds priory, also known as leeds abbey was a priory in leeds, kent, england that was founded in 1119 and dissolved in 1539.
have person that more bible desire own land learn language give opportunity cost believe own||he believes that any person that has the desire to learn more about the bible should be given that opportunity in their own land, in their own language, and at no cost.
build arch monument century 20th india india gateway bombay||the gateway of india is an arch monument built during the 20th century in bombay, india.
nyack sweeny reside ny||sweeny resides in nyack, ny.
oslo company operate singapore headquarters norway have internationally||the company has its headquarters in singapore and oslo, norway but operates internationally.
able well establish activist run secure seat proxy fact mark activist make m&a board as well 2015 activity contest development survey find that corporate see leader shareholder activism affect respondent % 60 activity industry transaction||in fact, some well-established activists were able to secure board seats without running a proxy contest in 2015.shareholder activists are making their mark on m&a activity as well-a 2015 survey of corporate development leaders found that 60% of respondents saw shareholder activism affecting transaction activity in their industry.
olympian occ former confederation head current uci oceanian current gaudry vice president tracey holder ticket one cycling number||former olympian and current head of the occ oceanian cycling confederation and current uci vice president tracey gaudry is the number one ticket holder.
33 jerseyville development gas business travel include route residence convenience church station store||route 33 business travels through jerseyville, with some development, including a gas station, a convenience store, a church, and some residences.
own later create holburn family menstrie 1706 holborne baronet||it was later owned by the holburn or holborne family, who were created baronets of menstrie in 1706.
also many know hoi other name temple monastery henan guangzhou china island monastery tong buddhist||the hoi tong monastery, also known by many other names, is a buddhist temple and monastery on henan island in guangzhou, china.
battlefield game playstation final release 360 platform xbox 3||it is the final battlefield game to be released for the playstation 3 and xbox 360 platforms.
meet policy mitigation serve hierarchy environmental loss biodiversity principle development no net||the mitigation hierarchy serves to meet the environmental policy principle of "no net loss" of biodiversity alongside development.
begin hillsborough north streetcar move development make location street line hillsborough convenient especially appealing||development began along hillsborough street and moved north; a streetcar line along hillsborough made the location especially appealing and convenient.
cinerea bulbothrix fungus lichenize family parmeliaceae species||bulbothrix cinerea is a species of lichenized fungi within the family parmeliaceae.
2013 live night john saturday parody april 13 pitch nbc theme sports tesh executive song||on april 13, 2013, saturday night live parodied john tesh pitching the theme song to nbc sports executives.
park once americans mid-1900 african also center black south rosa community santa settlement||south park was also once a settlement for african americans during the mid-1900s and is a center of santa rosa's black community.
contract start include 2014 also live grand course coverage prix road indycar||starting in 2014, the contract also includes live coverage of the indycar grand prix on the road course.
collection ole short fiction story methuselah american l. science hubbard doc publish ron 1970 writer||ole doc methuselah is a collection of science fiction short stories by american writer l. ron hubbard, published in 1970.
brenna direct straiton david kouf write episode||the episode was written by brenna kouf and was directed by david straiton.
- national co foundation founder lin symphony arison youngarts new world||"lin" arison is the co-founder of the national youngarts foundation and the new world symphony.
county courthouse locate site county hunterdon county hunterdon jersey historic states united flemington seat new site well trial hauptmann 1935 conviction century role death kidnapping sentence know bruno lindbergh||the hunterdon county courthouse is an historic site located in flemington, the county seat of hunterdon county, new jersey, united states, that is best known as the site of the 1935 "trial of the century" of bruno hauptmann and his conviction and sentence of death for his role in the lindbergh kidnapping.
loserth kurt 26 bear austrian bobsledder 1914 1950s november compete||kurt loserth (born november 26, 1914) was an austrian bobsledder who competed during the 1950s.
sylea snout moth genus species anarnatula anarnatula||anarnatula sylea is a species of snout moth in the genus anarnatula.
2000 title project due slammers hammer lay december cancelation games atomic three executive only keep entire staff||in december 2000, due the cancelation of a project titled hammer's slammers, atomic games laid off its entire staff, only keeping three executives.
ku sunim disciple san monastery 1966 buddhist enter songgwangsa||he is a disciple of ku san sunim and entered songgwangsa buddhist monastery in 1966.
place begin changes shop canyon gallery gift age orient retailer release recording art new||with the release of changes canyon began to place this recording in gift shops, art galleries, and new age oriented retailers.
fourth genus claude name delamare describe old mornant family 1965 jeanne renaud deboutteville||the genus is the fourth oldest in the family and was named and described by claude delamare deboutteville and jeanne renaud-mornant in 1965.
north 726 11 pacific kilometer sydney highway woodburn kilometer east||it is 726 kilometers north of sydney, and 11 kilometers east off the pacific highway from woodburn.
training studies squadron analysis education states air command force united unit air station force where report directly air texas air randolph headquarters training training program system base command evaluate education||the air education and training command studies and analysis squadron is a unit of the united states air force stationed at randolph air force base, texas, where it reports directly to the headquarters of air education and training command, evaluating training programs and systems.
since release 15 album 1972 one studio certify gold riaa fargo||since 1972, fargo has released 15 studio albums, one of which was certified gold by the riaa.
start side make base woodcock business gift experience 2010 other feather custom produce material pin glean begin hunt garage pin scotia nova||in 2010 he started a side business, based on his experience making woodcock feather pins as gifts, and began producing these and other custom pins in his garage "out of materials gleaned during his hunts in nova scotia."
bound sapna mount valley mount north matean gara south||gara mount bounds the sapna valley to south and matean mount to the north.
album english punk rock studio dolls toy anthems anniversary 2000 band record||anniversary anthems is a studio album by the english punk rock band toy dolls, recorded in 2000.
loss army 362 1 heavy fatality see 2013 may||the army has seen the heaviest losses, with 362 fatalities as of 1 may 2013.
estonians 100 20th great century part||he is part of the 100 great estonians of the 20th century.
found 1911 neerlandia dutch begin immigrant||neerlandia was founded by dutch immigrants beginning in 1911.
200 approximate housing be unit nine approximately radius mile 0.0177 8.1657 square square mile land mile water||there are approximately 200 housing units in its approximate nine-mile radius of which 8.1657 square miles is land and 0.0177 square miles is water.
flight schedule capital operate private mainly airline charter oil equatorial guinea malabo industry cargo gas||the airline operates scheduled flights mainly from the capital of malabo, private charters for oil and gas industry of equatorial guinea, and cargo.
use nonsteroidal nsaa treatment androgen dependent bicalutamide include medical block hormone therapy condition effect androgen antiandrogen||the medical uses of bicalutamide, a nonsteroidal antiandrogen (nsaa), include the treatment of androgen-dependent conditions and hormone therapy to block the effects of androgens.
also leoncie musician icy spicy know well sexuality overt change know music prolific output video leoncie fast hairstyle||icy spicy leoncie, also known as leoncie, is a musician best known for her "overt sexuality, fast-changing hairstyles, and prolific music-video output".
labor letford member former snp able john administration support run council form||with the support of former labor member john letford, the snp were able to form an administration to run the council.
europe have village date back middle ages church many period architecture represent||many villages in europe have churches that date back to the middle ages, but all periods of architecture are represented.
relatively 2006 cam'ron aside dipset jim quiet jones 2009||between 2006 and 2009, dipset was relatively quiet aside from cam'ron and jim jones.
young king leave sundari feature palace qu human talking land animal indian tamar inspire mythology journey||it features a young king tamar who leaves sundari palace on a quest journey in a land of humans and talking animals, which are inspired by indian mythology.
black credit british most establish presence medium one notable pascall first black uk program present londoners bbc radio regular 14 year voice 1974 black radio london||credited with having "established a black presence in the british media", pascall is most notable as having been one of the first regular black radio voices in the uk, presenting the program black londoners on bbc radio london for 14 years from 1974.
australia although national one have high cancer mortality skin melanoma rate stabilize trend||although australia has one of the highest national rates of skin cancer, mortality trends in melanoma stabilized.
grow paris town ontario brantford bear ontario||he was born in brantford, ontario and grew up in the town of paris, ontario.
current mr. dean barnes principal||the current principal is mr. dean barnes.
superyacht sailing large yachting cup yacht take nelson place race caribbean antigua dockyard year island||the superyacht cup is a yachting race for large sailing yachts that takes place at nelson's dockyard in the island of antigua, caribbean, every year.
feature skateboard playstation video game thrasher noize skate freestyle destroy track||the track "freestyle noize" was featured in the playstation skateboarding video game thrasher: skate and destroy.
greater london part comprise adjoining two part three district six small county bedfordshire county 0.1 one government area coastal thirteen less sussex county local %||it comprises parts of greater london and the six adjoining counties, parts of two of the three districts of the small county of bedfordshire and less than 0.1% of one of the thirteen local government areas of the coastal county of sussex.
price price index movement consider only security gain make capital return index include dividend while total right other distribution interest give loss time offering realize period index||a price index only considers price movements (capital gains or losses) of the securities that make up the index, while a total return index includes dividends, interest, rights offerings and other distributions realized over a given period of time.
college football university texas play young||young played college football for the university of texas.
successful poor administrator affair however state reportedly manage law favor izz therefore din brother hasan al abdicate||however, she was reportedly a poor administrator "who was not successful in managing the affairs of state", and therefore abdicated in favor of her brother-in-law 'izz al-din hasan.
1977 750 fim fifth season season formula championship formula have first full world season status championship 750 world||the 1977 formula 750 season was the fifth season of the fim formula 750 world championship and the first season to have full world championship status.
company january 26 launch shipbuilding 1 complete 1944 california 1944 april||she was launched by the california shipbuilding company on january 26, 1944, and completed on april 1, 1944.
collectible out print card game bryan design winter target games set eden - post universe apocalyptic publish mutant dark play chronicles role planet tribe earth game ravage||dark eden is an out-of-print collectible card game designed by bryan winter and published by target games that is set in the post-apocalyptic universe of the mutant chronicles role-playing game, among the tribes on the ravaged planet earth.
compile music purport record feature bad parody mostly cover version song perform ever novelty very poorly though many song popular case so novelty intentionally joke||it purports to compile the worst music ever recorded and features mostly novelty songs, parodies and cover versions of popular songs, performed very poorly (though in many cases, intentionally so, either as a novelty or as a joke).
hold massachusetts 6 commonwealth election 1962 massachusetts general november||a massachusetts general election was held on november 6, 1962 in the commonwealth of massachusetts.
dawn american calm second paul watkins novel author||calm at dawn is the second novel by american author paul watkins.
highly mellisugus complex superspecie depend 1 8 view specie c. include taxonomy||the taxonomy of the c. mellisugus superspecies is highly complex and, depending on view, includes 1-8 species.
functional detect artery use know state typically wall high e.g. include risk feature inflammation atherosclerosis||it is typically used to detect functional state of artery wall including some known high-risk features of atherosclerosis (e.g., inflammation).
also activity stone block use refer mason term engineering dress architecture building civil||the term also refers to the activity of masons in dressing stone blocks for use in architecture, building or civil engineering.
professor r. maurice professor vaccinology hilleman school perelman medicine pennsylvania university offit pediatrics infectious 1992 chief former 2014 director diseases center vaccine division education children philadelphia hospital||offit is the maurice r. hilleman professor of vaccinology, professor of pediatrics at the perelman school of medicine at the university of pennsylvania, former chief of the division of infectious diseases (1992-2014), and the director of the vaccine education center at the children's hospital of philadelphia.
play england ashes daughter jenny win part 2005 cricket team||his daughter, jenny, plays cricket for england, and was part of the ashes winning team of 2005.
also championship venezuelan multiple hold tirabassi record distance freestyle national m 200 long event title 400 relay freestyle||tirabassi also holds multiple venezuelan championship titles and national records in both the long-distance freestyle (200 and 400 m), and freestyle relay events.
county creek lafayette u.s. stream missouri tabo state||tabo creek is a stream in lafayette county in the u.s. state of missouri.
16 year only first express first europ class trans 1983 become finally class 1987 two eurocity intercity||for its first 16 years it was a first-class-only trans europ express, becoming a two-class intercity in 1983 and finally a eurocity in 1987.
time host tournament india first||the tournament will be hosted in india for first time.
roper buy road mountain also greenville williams farm||williams also bought a farm on roper mountain road outside greenville.
often pulpy berry fruit edible small||a berry is a small, pulpy, and often edible fruit.
propose that model standard influence judgment shift comparison relative||the shifting standards model proposes that judgments are influenced by relative comparisons.
add various other expansion alteration see church chapel account 1496 survive tower build 1400 1445.the central stage since weather buttress crockete diagonal have three pinnacle||the chapel which was added in 1496, and various other alterations and expansions of the church can be seen in the account which have survived since 1445.the central tower, which was built around 1400, has three stages with diagonal weathered buttresses with crocketed pinnacles.
version go thighpaulsandra original recording say above make that cope together||cope has said that thighpaulsandra's version went above and beyond the original recording they made together.
married live new york currently||he is married and currently lives in new york.
busy while keep effort misunderstanding encounter various sitcom various theme misfortune||his various efforts to keep himself busy, while encountering various misfortunes and misunderstandings are the themes of the sitcom.
cardinal richelieu american historical 1935 rowland film v. direct maureen star o'sullivan arliss lee edward romero cesar george arnold||cardinal richelieu is a 1935 american historical film directed by rowland v. lee and starring george arliss, maureen o'sullivan, edward arnold and cesar romero.
process volcanic study impact earth television environment appear radio||she studies volcanic processes and their impacts on the earth's environment and has appeared on the television and radio.
exploit casalesi business economic extort clan opportunity monopoly create disposal market cement building business construction waste distribution material own||the casalesi clan exploited and extorted from every business and economic opportunity, from waste disposal to construction, to creating a monopoly in the cement market for their own building businesses to the distribution of materials.
prep educate school later school regis sherborne school son port greenstock rank jeremy former high sir kingdom united ambassador diplomat nations former british united||educated at port regis school prep school and later sherborne school, he is the son of sir jeremy greenstock, a former high-ranking british diplomat and the former united kingdom ambassador to the united nations.
santos official capture involve military organize activity include preparation bomb plan terrorist||santos was captured by military officials for being involved in organizing and planning terrorist activities, including preparation of bombs.
several include rock mill home building village note||the village is home to several buildings of note, including the rock mill.
municipal international court law declare note constrain liquet enforce that area||note that municipal courts enforcing international law are not constrained to declare an area non liquet.
bergen dutch house riper sandstone new van nutley build locate house jersey 1708||the van riper house is a bergen dutch sandstone house located in nutley, new jersey, built in 1708.
1994 company recognize||it was recognized as a company in 1994.
seriously although locally specie endanger threaten alabama virginia||although the species is not seriously threatened, it is locally endangered in virginia and alabama.
victory training own corporation school broadcast religious programming station||the station is owned by victory training school corporation, and is broadcasting religious programming.
woman encounter maternal hit wall discrimination because future past present when because take more one maternity pregnancy workplace leave||women hit the maternal wall when they encounter workplace discrimination because of past, present, or future pregnancies or because they have taken one or more maternity leaves.
indicate deep degree sinus hyponomic mobility fair||a fair degree of mobility is indicated by the deep hyponomic sinus.
also conference karzai attend afghan afghan president affairs foreign hamid state us hillary minister secretary un secretary spanta ki general moon envoy ban un clinton eide kai secretary david british miliband former afghan as ashraf foreign finance ghani minister well brown prime gordon british minister||the conference was also attended by the afghan president hamid karzai, the afghan minister of foreign affairs spanta, the us secretary of state hillary clinton, un secretary general ban ki-moon, un envoy kai eide and the british foreign secretary david miliband, as well as the former afghan minister of finance ashraf ghani and the british prime minister gordon brown.
development institutions certify cdfi cdfi financial community fund treasury provide u.s. fund cdfi variety program department fund||cdfis are certified by the community development financial institutions fund (cdfi fund) at the u.s. department of the treasury, which provides funds to cdfis through a variety of programs.
lefevrei beetle leaf lefevrei saudi subspecie reitter oman chloropterus observe arabia 1890||chloropterus lefevrei lefevrei is a subspecies of leaf beetle of saudi arabia and oman observed by reitter in 1890.
lie parish greensand while ridge remainder vale half more north downs holmesdale divide||more than half of the parish lies on the greensand ridge, while the remainder is divided between the vale of holmesdale and the north downs.
score 2 4||the score was 4-2.
ctenomys tuco rodent tuco species goodfellowi goodfellow family ctenomyidae||goodfellow's tuco-tuco (ctenomys goodfellowi) is a species of rodent in the family ctenomyidae.
currently eric own mrs knickerbocker extensive upgrade j renovation braden mr make||the knickerbocker is currently owned by mr and mrs eric j braden who are making extensive upgrades and renovations.
popularly tv bolanle olukanni know host mo fame presenter moment project dstv africa west||bolanle olukanni is a tv presenter popularly known for hosting "moments with mo" on dstv and project fame west africa.
club foot a. usually s.p denominate history piacenza piacenza cover ball 93 club football year piacenza base emilia romagna calcio||the history of piacenza foot-ball club s.p.a. (usually denominated as piacenza calcio) has covered 93 years of the football from the club based in piacenza, emilia-romagna.
go 105th line welby 1400 back apostle english year send augustine canterbury year more 597 rome||welby is the 105th in a line which goes back more than 1400 years to augustine of canterbury, the "apostle to the english", sent from rome in the year 597.
act residence maintain place give residency establish||residency is the act of establishing or maintaining a residence in a given place.
dakota nininger county united states township township minnesota||nininger township is a township in dakota county, minnesota, united states.
lung- consideration diaphragm appose rib fact cage take rca rcp part respectively substantially pressure that different inner surface inspiration diaphragm directly that act expose rca that diaphragmatic - inspiratory non muscle rcp largely act only||it takes into consideration the fact that the lung- and diaphragm-apposed parts of the rib cage (rcp and rca, respectively) are exposed to substantially different pressures on their inner surface during inspiration, that the diaphragm acts directly only on rca, and that non-diaphragmatic inspiratory muscles act largely on rcp.
transaction center analysis reports government australian intelligence australian agency austrac monitor transaction financial set money laundering organized crime financial identify evasion fraud terrorism tax welfare||australian transaction reports and analysis center (austrac) is an australian government financial intelligence agency set up to monitor financial transactions to identify money laundering, organized crime, tax evasion, welfare fraud and terrorism.
17 contain number release february hit uk 1978 one heights wuthering||it was released on 17 february 1978 and contains her uk number one hit, "wuthering heights".
include baseball ball game bat cricket defense fielding ball team control||in bat-and-ball games including baseball and cricket, the ball is controlled by the fielding team, which are on defense.
place many southeast tourist popular minnesota destination become lanesboro||many places in southeast minnesota, like lanesboro, are becoming popular tourist destinations.
nick 20 record set select acc first save howard then eight draft round one cavaliers 2014 mlb draft||nick howard set an acc record with 20 saves and then was selected in the first round of the mlb draft, one of eight cavaliers to be drafted in 2014.
bodem de 2014 grond ep release van levensles album 2015 debut||he released his ep van de bodem naar de grond in 2014 and his debut album levensles in 2015.
exception venue such coffeehouse small mid- large sized most system two sound venue use||with the exception of the smallest venues, such as coffeehouses, most mid- to large-sized venues use two sound systems.
life create property protect new right mexico constitutional people||it was created to protect the lives, property and constitutional rights of people in new mexico.
april bear byars 25 professional basketball javaughn last player 1984 play nba delaware american g league 87er derrick||derrick javaughn byars (born april 25, 1984) is an american professional basketball player who last played for the delaware 87ers of the nba g league.
heritage purchase implement multimillion capital group 2000 renovation 2001 tower dollar state year modernization award building win||in 2000, the heritage capital group purchased the tower and implemented a multimillion-dollar renovation-modernization in 2001, winning the state's building of the year award.
l.m. station llc own currently kentucky communications||the station is currently owned by l.m. communications of kentucky, llc.
2006 terrier border number 81st akc registration 10th rank while rank united kingdom||in 2006, the border terrier ranked 81st in number of registrations by the akc, while it ranked 10th in the united kingdom.
build less genre gospel part hope hymn||"my hope is built on nothing less" is part of the gospel hymns genre.
launch expatriate dubai unidentified secret 2002 significant east following middle write until regulatory blogosphere generate authority tra uae block website telecoms uae||launched in 2002 and written by an unidentified expatriate, "secret dubai" generated a significant following in the middle east blogosphere until the uae's telecoms regulatory authority (tra) in the uae blocked the website.
lothian robert earl 1624 2nd die kerr||robert kerr, 2nd earl of lothian (died 1624).
territory become area new u.s. state mexico mexico include well modern as new play arizona trans part - mississippi american southern civil war theater nevada role||the new mexico territory, which included the areas which became the modern u.s. states of new mexico and arizona as well as the southern part of nevada, played a role in the trans-mississippi theater of the american civil war.
even seem relative close cyclyrius however||an even closer relative, however, seems to be cyclyrius.
navtola rajnagar simari village close||simari navtola is the closest village to rajnagar.
efficient generally electric charge park require therefore relatively quantity vehicle small charger electricity energy||electric vehicles are in generally energy efficient, and therefore at a "park & charge" chargers requires relatively small quantities of electricity.
original possible hear as once originally only sound||originally, that was not possible, as every sound was an original and could only be heard once.
village franklin franklin include west||franklin includes the village of west franklin.
kwakum speak language population local 10,000||the local language is kwakum, spoken by the population of around 10,000.
directive also anglican continuing also aosec know movement fall continuum anglicanism encompass anglican christian traditionalist number church anglican various practice faith history while communion official anglican country remain||the aosec would also fall under the directives of the continuing anglican movement, also known as the anglican continuum, or traditionalist anglicanism, which encompasses a number of christian churches in various countries that are anglican in faith, history, and practice while remaining outside the official anglican communion.
cayman islands use pound caicos islands jamaican turks also||the jamaican pound was also used by the cayman islands and turks and caicos islands.
album thighs american release previously||it was released previously on the album american thighs.
nominate album breakthrough aria music 1998 disband artist 1998 album awards however||the album was nominated for 'breakthrough artist - album' at the aria music awards for 1998; however they disbanded in 1998.
spiny crawler family walkeri ephemerellidae drunella mayfly species||drunella walkeri is a species of spiny crawler mayfly in the family ephemerellidae.
bear 16 lonnie september sterling american former 1968 bradley boxer||lonnie sterling bradley (born september 16, 1968) is an american former boxer.
distribute computing 2006 form project market gstock analysis stock||gstock was a distributed computing project formed in 2006 for stock market analysis.
track about field football member speedskating tennis department table 1,000 fistball sport association belong gymnastic big city handicapped aerobics club||with about 1,000 members in departments for track and field, association football, speedskating, table tennis, fistball, aerobics, sports for the handicapped and gymnastics it belongs to the biggest clubs of the city.
book guy superhero gardner publish book appear comic fictional book dc lantern comics green character feature time mid 1990 late usually family significant league 1980 family character also justice member||guy gardner is a fictional comic book superhero appearing in books published by dc comics, usually in books featuring the green lantern family of characters, and for a time (late 1980s through mid 1990s) was also a significant member of the justice league family of characters.
egg low shrub open flower narrow leave shape color vary cream red tinge red||it is a low, open shrub with narrow egg-shaped leaves and flowers which vary in color from red to cream with a red tinge.
village committee bijuli hills middle town rapti district zone nepal western pyuthan development||bijuli is a town and village development committee in pyuthan, a middle hills district of rapti zone, western nepal.
video race rally game series develop sega sega studio include sega several racing am3 sega sega publish studio||sega rally is a series of racing video games published by sega and developed by several studios including sega am3, sega and sega racing studio.
entire four adult vehicle life drive spend wheel||he has spent his entire adult life around four-wheel-drive vehicles.
begin monday traditionally december last seven day though first variant beginning january also observe week seven||it traditionally begins on the first monday in december and lasts seven days, though a seven-week variant beginning in january is also observed.
release film theater limited video swen 14 demand april releasing 2017||the film was released in limited theaters and through video-on-demand on april 14, 2017, by swen releasing.
one division sub rohtak two district - meham||meham is one of the two sub-divisions in rohtak district.
great realistic emphasis place tx-1 simulation previous racing such player force genre game downshift gear corner avoid risk control lose accelerator brake detail when order skid control go steering let go regain||tx-1 placed a greater emphasis on realistic simulation racing than previous games in the genre, with details such as forcing players to brake or downshift the gear during corners to avoid the risk of losing control, and let go of the accelerator when going into a skid in order to regain control of the steering.
opening book phish act show europe santana three july 1996||in july 1996, phish was booked as the opening act for santana for three shows in europe.
lock old lock windsor england right windsor thames old berkshire river bank||old windsor lock is a lock on the river thames in england on the right bank beside old windsor, berkshire.
comedy group drama play southern louisiana northwest bond woman||the play is a comedy-drama about the bond among a group of southern women in northwest louisiana.
scala defunct opera company philadelphia company philadelphia opera la actively pennsylvania american perform 1925 1954 academy locate music||the philadelphia la scala opera company (defunct) was an american opera company located in philadelphia, pennsylvania that was actively performing at the academy of music between 1925 and 1954.
suture order complexity lobe develop area ontogeny flank life animal phylogenetically addition umbilical succeed genera||in this order, suture complexity developed by the addition of lobes from the umbilical area, across the flanks, during the life (ontogeny) of the animal, and phylogenetically with succeeding genera.
mean generic gigantic while swan name olorotitan specific fossil find arhara refer arharensis location county descriptor||the generic name olorotitan means "gigantic swan", while the specific descriptor arharensis refers to the location of the fossil find at arhara county.
alone novel author c.j. heaven blue stand 2008 popular crime box joe novel know pickett||blue heaven (2008) is a stand-alone novel by author c.j. box, known for his popular joe pickett crime novels.
group caves lava six county tube united oregon redmond deschutes states||the redmond caves are a group of six lava tubes in deschutes county, oregon, united states.
park headquarter east peel kilbride||it is headquartered in peel park in east kilbride.
responder emergency have limited scope practice very least comprehensive education amount have clinical skill personnel medical ems clinical experience||emergency medical responders have a very limited scope of practice and have the least amount of comprehensive education, clinical experience or clinical skills of ems personnel.
britain specie hunting exterminate bounty combination active system deforestation||the species was exterminated from britain through a combination of deforestation and active hunting through bounty systems.
school clay district county school serve district headquarter florida cove green county clay springs||clay county school district is a school district serving clay county, florida and headquartered in green cove springs.
162 2001 population||in 2001, the population was 162.
distinguish astronomer astronomer also several member amateur organization member retire society corporate||some retired astronomers and distinguished amateur astronomers are also members, and several organizations are corporate members of the society.
concern because high great have sugarcane maize impact scmv economic||scmv is of great concern because of the high economic impact it has on sugarcane and maize.
1975 ward harrison canadian bear artist sabrina author canada||sabrina ward harrison (born 1975, canada) is a canadian artist and author.
two corner semicircular feature projecting limestone style circular bay revival romanesque entry portal||it features two circular projecting bays at the corners and a semicircular limestone romanesque revival style entry portal.
kroll ceremony host nick||the ceremony was hosted by nick kroll.
small property plymouth cluster street locate north street well nichols main as consist just south two library street memorial meredith old locate kona junction center road locate intersection fountain||it consists of a small cluster of properties located north of plymouth street and main street, as well as the nichols memorial library (located just south of the junction of the two streets with old meredith road), and the kona fountain, which is located in the center of that intersection.
rashidun uthman third ibn assassinate end caliph upon affan siege house||uthman ibn affan, the third rashidun caliph, was assassinated at the end of a siege upon his house.
7,184 population 2008||as of 2008, the population was 7,184.
myrca readers award nominate manitoba choice young||it has been nominated for a myrca (manitoba young readers choice award).
concept courage work omoluabi humility signify hard respect||the omoluabi concept signifies courage, hard work, humility and respect.
young performance best young leading feature artist young one awards actor present film annually young association young recognize award actor artist 21 artist age outstanding role lead deliver while work performance industry film||the young artist award for best performance by a leading young actor in a feature film is one of the young artist awards presented annually by the young artist association to recognize a young actor under the age of 21, who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the film industry.
career most pbs write poetry professional collection work brown news call||brown has worked most of his professional career at pbs, and wrote a poetry collection called the news.
springs georgia county cherokee states united city holly||holly springs is a city in cherokee county, georgia, united states.
first single successful record marvin tammi 1967 become hit composition hit 1970 when terrell gaye frontwoman former supremes diana record ross again||the composition was first successful as a 1967 hit single recorded by marvin gaye and tammi terrell, becoming a hit again in 1970 when recorded by former supremes frontwoman diana ross.
visitor park run turkey far rugged negotiate gain avoid so fee hiking trail access||this is farther inside the park, so visitors must negotiate turkey run's rugged hiking trails to gain access to avoid fees.
1941 american e. james womack biologist professor university a&m bear texas||james e. womack (born 1941) is an american biologist and a professor at texas a&m university.
deuterate polyunsaturate acid ifat aminoacid fatty example such dna cytosine essential basis glucose water heavy||the examples are deuterated polyunsaturated fatty acids (ifat), essential aminoacids, dna bases such as cytosine, or heavy water and glucose.
summer australia compete finland 1952 helsinki olympics||australia competed at the 1952 summer olympics in helsinki, finland.
rca release 1964 three singles victor number peak chart uk||it was released in 1964 by rca victor and peaked at number three on the uk singles chart.
journey two malayalees young kerala american film deal||the film deals about the journey of two young american malayalees to kerala.
cape create breton when three 1925 district richmond divide electoral county||it was created in 1925 when the counties of cape breton and richmond were divided into three electoral districts.
60 zoom country digital presence worldwide available||zoom is available across 60 countries worldwide along with a digital presence.
lee roy lee remember morgan teacher compose while william bassist dedicate tribute trombonist clifford c.t. valve thornton parker||"i remember lee" is dedicated to roy's teacher lee morgan, while "for c.t.", composed by bassist william parker, is a tribute to valve trombonist clifford thornton.
middle allow boxer heavyweight weight class||the heavyweight was the middle class, allowing boxers of any weight.
career work brussels lex journalism correspondent interviewer business energy people correspondent celebrity writer ft||during her career in journalism, she has worked as energy correspondent, brussels correspondent, a lex writer, and interviewer of business people and celebrities, all with the ft.
claim award win make enough northcliffe money paper||northcliffe claimed the award-winning paper was not making enough money.
acid fatty carboxylic esterification ester reaction lubricate reduce oxidation synthetic hydrolysis compare produce potential ester natural||by esterification reaction with fatty or carboxylic acids, synthetic lubricating esters with reduced potential for oxidation or hydrolysis, compared to natural esters, can be produced.
bear michael tommy december australian 10 thomas 1991 professional footballer play cypriot division first apoel midfielder oar||thomas michael "tommy" oar (born 10 december 1991) is an australian professional footballer playing as a midfielder for apoel in the cypriot first division.
election support charlot prime salwai minister||they supported the election of charlot salwai as prime minister.
result redesign redundant system failure incident elevator as well lockheed add bearing bearing reduce water seal deflector contact part upon amount||as a result of the incidents, lockheed redesigned the elevator systems to be redundant upon failure of the bearings, as well as adding a seal to the bearing and a deflector to reduce the amount of water contacting the part.
host county also mixed farming forestry||the county also hosts forestry and mixed farming.
town trustee current tom moehle||the current trustee for the town is tom moehle.
2009 january update unibody same 17 model inch design||in january 2009, the 17-inch model was updated with the same unibody design.
situate east railway north town minyip line south warracknabeal||the town is situated on the railway line south-east of warracknabeal, north of minyip.
have company ongoing bausch development partnership merck lomb||the company has ongoing development partnerships with bausch & lomb and merck.
25 official opening july functional day occur operation 2003 later 7 august few||the official opening was on 25 july 2003 but functional operation occurred a few days later, on 7 august.
debut shoojit sircar 2012 comedy make vicky film topic donor romantic donation khurrana receive india best filmfare debut touch sperm male award||in 2012, khurrana made his film debut in shoojit sircar's romantic comedy vicky donor, which touched on the topic of sperm donation in india, and received filmfare award for best male debut.
21 kainawa ganda bear base may kingdom artist record producer recording 1990 united||"kainawa" ganda (born may 21, 1990), is a united kingdom based recording artist, and record producer.
meath title captain ireland all 1967 darby||darby captained meath to the all-ireland title in 1967.
say holkar order maharaja army until first wait fire cannonball side attack when 25 25 other cannonball yashwantrao maharaja holkar yashwantrao army attack fire order||maharaja yashwantrao holkar is said to have ordered his army not to attack first and wait until 25 cannonballs were fired from other side; when the 25 cannonballs were fired, maharaja yashwantrao holkar ordered his army to attack.
arcades project unfinished literary german passagenwerk project write benjamin walter 1927 1940 critic||passagenwerk or arcades project was an unfinished project of german literary critic walter benjamin, written between 1927 and 1940.
magazine royal oak headquarters michigan have||the magazine has its headquarters in royal oak, michigan.
family libytheidae old group recognize literature||in older literature, this group was recognized as the family libytheidae.
191 spend front day 369th line trench american wwi unit more other||during wwi, the 369th spent 191 days in front line trenches, more than any other american unit.
october first issue 14 name black white appear 1899||the first issue appeared on 14 october 1899 under the name black & white.
most influential well anthropologist one early know marxism anthropology incorporation one advocate french||he is one of the most influential french anthropologists and is best known as one of the earliest advocates of marxism's incorporation into anthropology.
world 2017 croatia compete poland wroclaw 2017 30 july 20 july games schedule 2017||croatia is scheduled to compete at the world games 2017 in wroclaw, poland, from 20 july 2017 to 30 july 2017.
north chennai locate thiruvallur indian district city tamil ponneri nadu state||ponneri is a city located at north chennai in thiruvallur district in the indian state of tamil nadu.
leucine rich ri 21.5 % 9 compare also typical commensurately protein % other residue esp lower hydrophobic||ri is also rich in leucine (21.5%, compared to 9% in typical proteins) and commensurately lower in other hydrophobic residues, esp.
zaidi 1995 bear 20 motorcycle zaqhwan malaysian racer selangor july||zaqhwan zaidi (born 20 july 1995 in selangor) is a malaysian motorcycle racer.
know lead well killers five guitarist album rock band studio record||he is best known as the lead guitarist of the rock band the killers, with whom he has recorded five studio albums.
print visual learn disability disability disability physical impede impairment manipulate book way include ability||print disabilities include visual impairments, learning disabilities, or physical disabilities that impede the ability to manipulate a book in some way.
city new attend college come phd york university columbia||he attended city college of new york and his phd came from columbia university.
ride culminate splashdown rapid descent happen once more usually large normally just body water end drop||the ride usually culminates with a rapid descent and splashdown into a body of water, which may happen more than once (normally the largest drop being just before the end).
september 23 giulio professional gazzotti italian player bear vanoli 1991 cremona serie basketball basket a lega lba italian||giulio gazzotti (born september 23, 1991) is an italian professional basketball player for vanoli cremona of the italian lega basket serie a (lba).
more term algorithmic computational intelligence conventional hence distinct gofai||hence the term is distinct from the more conventional computational algorithmic intelligence, or gofai.
discover scn nucleus circadian credit suprachiasmatic function well clock organization as describe||he is credited with discovering the function of the suprachiasmatic nucleus (scn) as the circadian clock, as well as, describing its organization.
bear todd win canadian sampson maker documentary television ceo former company australian burnett communication presenter award australia leo||todd sampson is a canadian-born australian award-winning documentary-maker, television presenter and former ceo of the communication company leo burnett australia.
founder group yisroel noach lead son mendel menachem rabbi rabbi niezhin||the group was led by its founder, rabbi yisroel noach of niezhin, a son of rabbi menachem mendel.
squadron fighter aviation states unit united vf-62 navy 62||fighter squadron 62 or vf-62 was an aviation unit of the united states navy.
department store cincinnati ohio mabley prominent carew||mabley & carew was a prominent department store in cincinnati, ohio.
rare steak rare common medium gradation well medium include well medium do||for steaks, common gradations include rare, medium rare, medium, medium well and well done.
kang chu comedy film singaporean movie||chu kang the movie is a singaporean comedy film.
same day wound mortally die||he was mortally wounded, and died the same day.
freeman historic clarkson w. locate 704 house house illinois street springfield monroe west||the clarkson w. freeman house is a historic house located at 704 west monroe street in springfield, illinois.
immediate trump family united first family states circle||trump's immediate family circle is the first family of the united states.
de colonization british european - colonization century nineteenth policy foreign specialist||she is a specialist in european colonization and de-colonization and british foreign policy in the nineteenth century.
27 good half marathon one states united race runner world call magazine||the race has been called one of the best 27 half marathons in the united states by runner's world magazine.
july wendeline enschede bear overijssel holsboer 1967 former 12 defender dutch twice hockey field medal national olympic women team 1996 1988 win bronze||wendeline holsboer (born july 12, 1967 in enschede, overijssel) is a former dutch field hockey defender, who twice won a bronze olympic medal with the women's national team: in 1988 and in 1996.
limberg kriemhild bear 1934 german 8 athlete september||kriemhild limberg (born 8 september 1934) is a german athlete.
san house jose historic california house ross||the ross house is a historic house in san jose, california.
yarn market commercial textile expand large kolkata burrabazar one nucleus wholesale india market||burrabazar expanded from a yarn and textile market into the commercial nucleus of kolkata and one of the largest wholesale markets in india.
appunni indian comedy film language romantic malayalam write v. 1984 direct n. sathyan anthikad k.||appunni is a 1984 indian malayalam-language romantic comedy film written by v. k. n. and directed by sathyan anthikad.
19th tabloid good film indonesian list bintang time||tabloid bintang has listed it as the 19th best indonesian film of all time.
emergent arise little bear resemblance elementary phenomena case underlie law||in some cases emergent phenomena may arise which bear little resemblance to the underlying elementary laws.
singh 22 april die soran 2016 doctor pakistani tv minister sikh minorities pakhtunkhwa khyber politician anchor||soran singh (died 22 april 2016) was a pakistani sikh doctor, tv anchor, politician and minister of minorities of khyber pakhtunkhwa.
use electronic industry usually other combination stripper solvent pyrrolidone chp chemical polisher n copper methyl-2 circuit photoresist fabrication board||chp is used in the electronics industry as a photoresist stripper (usually in combination with other solvents like n-methyl-2-pyrrolidone), and as a chemical polisher of copper in circuit board fabrication.
three match new retain cup bledisloe zealand win test||new zealand won all three test matches and retained the bledisloe cup.
margrave frankish friuli duke 846||he was the frankish duke (margrave) of friuli before 846.
boy group highlight korean south member||he is a member of the south korean boy group highlight.
milkwee incarnata rise swamp asclepias silkweed milkwee white indian rise hemp plant herbaceous milkflower north america perennial swamp native specie||asclepias incarnata, the swamp milkweed, rose milkweed, rose milkflower, swamp silkweed, or white indian hemp, is a herbaceous perennial plant species native to north america.
austin c. bear 1929 weightlifter richard maine amateur powerlifter g. sports fame hall member||richard g. austin (born c. 1929) is an amateur weightlifter / powerlifter and member of the maine sports hall of fame.
st mary grade century church building * ii 15th list||the 15th century church of st mary is a grade ii* listed building.
code classic toyota come engine car 3a e corolla represent represent 8 represent a series generation represent variation series generation fifth e80||in classic toyota code, the "a" represents the engine that came in the car (3a series), "e" represents the corolla, "8" represents the fifth generation (e80 series) and "5" represents the variation within this generation.
day devise peculiar silverfish dr. enroll course man manage strange complete three task milo||a three-day course devised by a peculiar man, dr. silverfish, milo enrolls and manages to complete the strange tasks.
decision further deliver make microsoft version release system center essentials full||microsoft has made the decision not to deliver any further full version releases of system center essentials.
adult affect usually||it usually affects adults.
pachycephaloide clytorhynchus southern shrikebill brown specie family flycatcher monarchidae songbird||the southern shrikebill (clytorhynchus pachycephaloides), or brown flycatcher, is a songbird species in the family monarchidae.
roman mythology name janus rule come door gate god specifically||the name comes from roman mythology, specifically the god janus, who ruled over gates and doors.
three gobber bbc play character episode newhouse great creatures series small tv||he played the character of gobber newhouse in three episodes of the bbc tv series all creatures great and small.
bear vanessa 2000 canadian andreescu professional 16 june tennis bianca player||bianca vanessa andreescu (born june 16, 2000) is a canadian professional tennis player.
carolina house representatives district 9th south 2011 serve member since||she is a member of the south carolina house of representatives from the 9th district, serving since 2011.
fruit easy as generally consumption commercially more consider valuable seedless convenient||as consumption of seedless fruits is generally easier and more convenient, they are considered commercially valuable.
dedicate 2007 trouble simple condition memory mind album||trouble dedicated their 2007 album simple mind condition to his memory.
graduate york university found foreman member school law pride new heritage currently group pride organize event new lgbt member former new york york human commission city rights city||a graduate of the new york university school of law, foreman is a founding member of heritage of pride, the group that currently organizes lgbt pride events in new york city, and a former member of the new york city human rights commission.
division football top league welsh welsh level system league form football second||it forms the top division of the welsh football league and the second level of the welsh football league system.
patt specialist cancer professor yehuda medicine liver oncologist reside new santa gastrointestinal mexico fe new university mexico||yehuda patt is a liver cancer specialist, gastrointestinal oncologist, and professor of medicine at the university of new mexico, and resides in santa fe, new mexico.
series pioneer tv 1980 california commence show route sacramento when wyoming california trail||when the tv series commenced in 1980, the pioneers were shown en route along the california trail from wyoming to sacramento, california.
july formally 2015 20 school announce close though march that school re 2018 partnership september - full open circle 2017 education south education east asian group||the school formally closed in july 2015, though on 20 march 2017 it was announced that the school will re-open in september 2018 in a partnership with full circle education, a south east asian education group.
confraternitas adorationis sanctissimi sacerdotalis eucharistic sacramenti confraternity priests league set roman nineteenth primary century frequent worship prolonged priest sacrament catholic blessed object||the priests' eucharistic league (confraternitas sacerdotalis adorationis sanctissimi sacramenti) was a roman catholic confraternity set up in the nineteenth century, with primary object the frequent and prolonged worship of the blessed sacrament by priests.
thalia theater theatrical hamburg perform adaptation 2012 novel||a theatrical adaptation of the novel was performed at the thalia theater in hamburg in 2012.
game field english home atlantic hokies conference play member coast||the hokies played their home games at english field as a member of the atlantic coast conference.
sixth walls wall gateway live stylize album worship||walls (stylized, walls) is the sixth live album from gateway worship.
add historic february district national places 25 1975 register||the district was added to the national register of historic places on february 25, 1975.
school bus initially operator providng transport diversify route energy mining operating project tour||initially a route and school bus operator, it has diversified into providng transport for energy and mining projects and operating tours.
frequency time united play mainly scotland all gig kingdom||the time frequency play gigs all over the united kingdom, mainly in scotland.
species nightjar todd family setopagis nightjar heterura caprimulgidae||the todd's nightjar (setopagis heterura) is a species of nightjar in the family caprimulgidae.
release remixe song three include new new||the new release was remixed and included three new songs.
snaith discography daphni more credit orient first caribou album dancefloor work moniker||it is the first album in snaith's discography credited under the moniker daphni, and is more dancefloor oriented than his work as caribou.
research cicr coordinated india effort cotton project improvement 1967 initiate council aiccip fall||the research efforts of cicr fall under the all india coordinated cotton improvement project (aiccip), initiated by the council in 1967.
microsoft mingw toolchain previously implementation support toolchain tool windows gnu gcc binutil various include such||microsoft windows was previously supported via the mingw toolchain (implementation of the gnu toolchain, which includes various tools such as gcc and binutils).
support joint civil subordinate task force command jtf states cs headquarter united eustis fort northern command||joint task force civil support (jtf-cs) is a subordinate command of united states northern command headquartered at fort eustis.
york musician assist pearl harbor include oversee new provide disk dunkley as andy enter service audience gather jockey||new york musicians, including pearl harbor, assisted and overseen by andy dunkley, provided disk jockey services as the audience entered and gathered.
wittgenstein specifically view say antiphilosophy metaphilosophy ludwig||the views of ludwig wittgenstein, specifically his metaphilosophy, could be said to be antiphilosophy.
only 1906 qualify canadian ever first - leaf trans race sailing vessel pac take san slate maple place never place massive occur year francisco earthquake take||in 1906, the maple leaf was the only canadian vessel to qualify for the first ever trans-pac sailing race, which was slated to take place in san francisco but never took place due to the massive earthquake that occurred in that year.
field organization found player fighting 2 game league 1999 ii various warcraft starcraft legends halo call duty world clancy rainbow league siege dota rocket tom six||founded in 1999, the organization has fielded players in various fighting games, dota 2, league of legends, starcraft ii, world of warcraft, halo, call of duty, rocket league, and tom clancy's rainbow six siege.
meeki cyprinodon mezquital species family fish cachorrito cyprinodontidae||the cachorrito de mezquital (cyprinodon meeki) is a species of fish in the family cyprinodontidae.
wight light car mv passenger build ferry british operator wightlink ferry||mv wight light is a car and passenger ferry built for the british ferry operator wightlink.
frog family litoria spinifera species hylidae||litoria spinifera is a species of frog in the family hylidae.
sir owen parry hugh obe welsh kcmg physician academic tropical eldryd trust health african medical education founder school improve level help skill staff hospital||sir eldryd hugh owen parry kcmg obe is a welsh academic, physician and founder of the tropical health and education trust, which helps african medical schools and hospitals to improve staff skill levels.
anniversary 5th arena professional annual event wrestling script produce moreno show naucalpan conjunction promotion universal wrestling promociones professional uwa association major wrestling place arena naucalpan 1982 state take 22 mexico december naucalpan mexico||the arena naucalpan 5th anniversary show was a major annual professional wrestling event produced and scripted by promociones moreno in conjunction with the professional wrestling promotion the universal wrestling association (uwa), which took place on december 22, 1982 in arena naucalpan, naucalpan, state of mexico, mexico.
melo miltoni large southern bailer sea marine gastropod family mollusc baler southern volutidae snail volute||melo miltonis, the southern bailer or southern baler, is a large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family volutidae, the volutes.
taipei april place take may 2014 4 taiwan 28||it took place in taipei, taiwan between 28 april and 4 may 2014.
merge 1986 when lac disappear biche riding la form athabasca biche la lac riding||the riding disappeared in 1986 when it merged with lac la biche to form the riding of athabasca-lac la biche.
kazakhstan rent other radar such belarus russia||others such as the radars in belarus and kazakhstan are rented by russia.
flying spikers airasia former pullout become airasia generika philippines lifesavers||the former airasia flying spikers became the generika lifesavers after the pullout of airasia philippines.
go number single billboard single one r&b week peak one number hot two 100 chart forty||the single went to number one the billboard r&b singles chart for one week and peaked at number forty-two on the hot 100.
fes 2 mas indde 2016 botola season||indded, mas fes was in the botola 2 the 2016 season.
work film television||she has worked in both film and television.
defend external draw aggressor analogy right second defend civil for rebellion government criminal argument||the second argument draws an analogy between defending against an external aggressor and the right for a government to defend against a civil rebellion or a criminal.
sebastian performances bach magnificat three d come major version johann bwv format 243 twelve movement d version christmas version bwv major version interpolation early 2 movement transpose insert 7 9 5 243a||performances of johann sebastian bach's magnificat come in three formats: d major version, bwv 243 with the twelve movements of that version; d major version, with the christmas interpolations from the earlier version bwv 243a transposed and inserted after movements 2, 5, 7 and 9.
peak mckenzie albion just mount range south charles prince antarctica mountains peak athos||mckenzie peak is a peak just south of mount albion in the athos range of the prince charles mountains, antarctica.
always remarkably specie attach root lack root find podocarpaceae falcatifolium member taxoide||the species remarkably lacks roots and is always found attached to the roots of falcatifolium taxoides (another member of the podocarpaceae).
insider comcast station sportsnet tv nbc senior bay area bay website now area write sports||he has been a senior insider for the tv station comcast sportsnet bay area (now nbc sports bay area) and writes for their website.
bay francisco area list list list san san francisco relate topic california area subregion bay list city san francisco specific various exclude||this is a list of lists of san francisco bay area topics, lists related to the san francisco bay area, california, and its various subregions, excluding lists specific to the city of san francisco itself.
double 1968 album release||it was released in 1968 as a double album.
resign 1978 charge plead improper commissioner mining transfer relate guilty claim||he resigned as commissioner in 1978 after pleading guilty to charges related to improper mining claim transfers.
site one sand famous tourist beach white||one of the famous tourist sites is the white sand beach.
men fellow freedom fight||to fight for the freedom of his fellow-men.
conference make study matter public antiquity deal aim ethnography discuss||the aim of these conferences was to discuss and to make public studies dealing with matters of antiquity and ethnography.
color raider school red white mascot||the school colors are red and white and its mascot is the raider.
germersheim schwegenheim rhineland germany palatinate district municipality||schwegenheim is a municipality in the district of germersheim, in rhineland-palatinate, germany.
indian institute sathyamurthy technology join lecturer 1978 kanpur||after that sathyamurthy joined the indian institute of technology kanpur as a lecturer in 1978.
gap genocide movable awareness - abortion project instal temporarily anti multiple display campus university since united states canada 1997||the genocide awareness project (gap) is a movable anti-abortion display being temporarily installed on multiple university campuses in the united states and canada since 1997.
competition 29 hold monday saturday 1 six 1912 1912.thirty six july june nation shooter compete sport||the competition was held from saturday, 29 june 1912 to monday, 1 july 1912.thirty-six sport shooters from six nations competed.
report kenya wealthy citizen one||he is reported to be one of kenya's wealthiest citizens.
name greek word fine fragment come phylum refer fragment partially fill grain shell||the phylum's name comes from the greek word for "fragments", referring to the fine fragments and grains that partially fill these shells.
ghora ghoshal curate original two ranjon show lane people take anecdote abraham memory symphony mazumder while conductor various share||two of the original ghoras - ranjon ghoshal, curated the show and took people down memory lane sharing various anecdotes, while abraham mazumder was the symphony conductor.
offaly county bear first bergin clareen play competitive tenure st. birr brendan school community hurl||born in clareen, county offaly, bergin first played competitive hurling during his tenure at st. brendan's community school in birr.
figure hand side give depict b find leukocyte commonly right antibody||the figure given on the right hand side depicts the antibody commonly found on a b leukocyte.
college blue william hospitality private offer hospitality management college vocational training australian education tertiary education||william blue college of hospitality management is an australian private hospitality college that offers both tertiary education and vocational education and training.
group team also name vola live f.c. soccer inazawa short number name band girl form 2002 disbandment||the group is named after the soccer team vola f.c., which was also the name of the short-lived band formed by inazawa before number girl's disbandment in 2002.
may 1988 chinese 30 boxer zhao minggang bear||zhao minggang (born 30 may 1988) is a chinese boxer.
short film hollywood mid-90s hollywood florida move begin 1995 make||he began making short films in hollywood, florida in the mid-90s, before moving to hollywood in 1995.
t chatillon medium batignolles french tank batignolles develop 25 1950s char chatillon||the batignolles-chatillon char 25t was a french medium tank developed by batignolles-chatillon in the 1950s.
p. j. patrick bear 5 american hall defensive april football jr. 1995 oakland football league tackle national nfl raiders||patrick "p. j." hall jr. (born april 5, 1995) is an american football defensive tackle for the oakland raiders of the national football league (nfl).
500 compete winter olympics 2006 meter woman||she competed in the women's 500 meters at the 2006 winter olympics.
airport locate canora canora adjacent cjr7 saskatchewan canada lid tc||canora airport, (tc lid: cjr7), is located adjacent to canora, saskatchewan, canada.
july 1989 17 establish||it was established on 17 july, 1989.
draft red 1975 25,000 sox invite later contract spring training play||later, in 1975, the red sox drafted his contract for $25,000 and invited him to play in spring training.
trinidad football know association 1992 tobago federation july 2013 ttff 1||the association was known as the trinidad and tobago football federation (ttff) between 1992 and 1 july 2013.
26 ochieng 1977 andrew nairobi raymond boxer kenyan bear currently professional heavyweight fight fight era fighter january notable division||raymond andrew ochieng (born 26 january 1977 in nairobi) is a kenyan professional boxer who currently fights in the heavyweight division and has fought notable fighters from his era.
formation catahoula texas formation geologic louisiana||the catahoula formation is a geologic formation in texas and louisiana.
goldney later family baronet become branch||later branches of the family became the goldney baronets.
song 500 include malayalam record malayalam album uday more film||uday has recorded more than 500 songs in malayalam, including albums and malayalam films.
vue management 1970 new look nursery just team road home rochdale where still colts find move belle rochdale become vue control hornets belle||in 1970 the belle vue management looked for a new home for their nursery team, and this was found just up the road at rochdale where the colts moved - still under the control of belle vue - to become the rochdale hornets.
few population fifty small rare orchid north plant very state area||it is a very rare orchid with a population of fewer than fifty plants in a small area in the north of the state.
come song album title title oregon base lyric also||the album title comes from the lyrics to the song "oregon", which the title is also based on.
shield integricep species bug family scutelleridae commonly pest eurygaster bug sunn corn know||eurygaster integriceps is a species of shield bug in the family scutelleridae, commonly known as the sunn pest or corn bug.
whether move debate break player new bass hire decide new bassist bradbury permanently stay randy pennywise band||after debating whether to break up, or to move on with a new bass player, pennywise decided to hire a new bassist, randy bradbury, who would stay with the band permanently.
murder mausoleum roberts fourth novel novel katherine seven fantasy amazon temple wonders fabulous sequel series quest||the mausoleum murder is a fantasy novel by katherine roberts which is the fourth novel in the seven fabulous wonders series and the sequel to the amazon temple quest.
attract benefit support gip sustainability create||gip creates benefits that attract support for sustainability.
2005 november 22 release album jam diplomat recordings records def||the album was released on november 22, 2005, on diplomat records and def jam recordings.
show power executive former - co producer nbc wizard mr. jules producer||the show's executive producer was jules power, the former co-producer of nbc's mr. wizard.
make have profit connection non - law society organization||it is a non-profit making organization and has no connection with the law society.
third oklahoma student university approximately more full 17,000 time large 434 adjunct 400 faculty||the university is the third largest in oklahoma, with more than 17,000 students and approximately 434 full-time and 400 adjunct faculty.
release film march pictures 5 paramount 1922||the film was released on march 5, 1922, by paramount pictures.
ca storybook courage complement fellowship faith hope anonymous story cocaine||complementing this are the ca storybook, hope, faith and courage: stories from the fellowship of cocaine anonymous.
member faculty list notable graduate technology japan tokyo institute||this is a list of notable graduates and faculty members of the tokyo institute of technology in japan.
break activist labor dispute union 1963 right summer major civil||a major dispute broke out between civil rights activists and labor unions in the summer of 1963.
4 season show produce never head time write abc comedy show topical enough say 3||seasons 3 and 4 of the show were written, but never were produced due to the head of comedy at the abc at the time saying the show wasn't topical enough.
common land hawkesbury district council ham parish windsor||the parish of ham common is in the land district of windsor, and hawkesbury council.
german magic formula swiss politic french zauberformel magique italian formule arithmetic formula magica formula executive divide seven rule seat four federal party council||in swiss politics, the magic formula (german: zauberformel, french: formule magique, italian: formula magica) is an arithmetic formula for dividing the seven executive seats of the federal council between the four ruling parties.
2013 15 mark first form march performance public debut band young album 2013 following 13 singer win itunes devoted songwriter upon chart climb release||formed in 2013, with march 15, 2013 marking the band's first public performance, their debut album, young won them a devoted following, climbing to #13 on the itunes singer/songwriter chart upon its release.
national part economic university become 1977 kyiv||in 1977 it became part of kyiv national economic university.
death people destroy result 8 home event region 60 failure slide affect damage area power epicentral rock||the event resulted in the deaths of 8 people and damaged or destroyed 60 homes in the region, with rock slides and power failures affecting the epicentral area.
kumar singh 2010 time become dr arvind chancellor world ever young university chancellor||dr arvind kumar singh became chancellor in 2010, at the time the youngest ever chancellor of any university in the world.
large species fulgurofusus gastropod sarissophorus marine family sea snail turbinellidae mollusk||fulgurofusus sarissophorus is a species of large sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family turbinellidae.
andeweg gothic note agnes element novel||agnes andeweg notes gothic elements in the novel.
tsetsebjwe bobirwa central sub village botswana district - district||tsetsebjwe is a village in the bobirwa sub-district of the central district of botswana.
bengali swapan direct 2007 greptar rashika banner produce film chatterjee maa karunamoyee saha films||greptar is a 2007 bengali film directed by swapan saha and produced by rashika chatterjee under the banner of maa karunamoyee films.
official frozen travel united have states asset able sanctioned||sanctioned officials would have their assets frozen and would not be able to travel to the united states.
genera commonly one dwarf bass sea know five atlantic||it is one of five genera known commonly as the "atlantic dwarf sea basses".
holocaust hide hungary 60 fischl other catholic budapest child school jewish||during the holocaust, fischl hid in a catholic school in budapest, hungary with 60 other jewish children.
cyn.in come three flavor||cyn.in comes in three flavors.
doreqehje give irrevocably early retirement||ku and early retirement, giving doreqehje irrevocably.
wonderla india remove ride where 2013 recoil sell rename||the ride was removed in 2013 and sold to wonderla in india where it was renamed "recoil".
telescope australia steering committee board committee advisory bailes member processing electronics astronomy signal casper collaboration research||bailes is a committee member of the australia telescope steering committee and on advisory board of collaboration for astronomy signal processing and electronics research (casper).
bartholomew foot gardening mel coin book square same name term 1981||mel bartholomew coined the term "square foot gardening" in his 1981 book of the same name.
campbell driver 1970 well 1980 late dominant catch 1990s||campbell was the dominant catch driver of the late 1970s and 1980s and well into the 1990s.
burns v harbor very power large lake m own american freighter company steamship diesel operate||m/v burns harbor is a very large diesel-powered lake freighter owned and operated by the american steamship company.
scrub wild privet tree dogwood have wayfaring also||it also has scrub with wild privet, dogwood and the wayfaring tree.
most best actor supporting actor role category nominate promise 7th africa academy respectively 6th movie awards||he was nominated for categories most promising actor and best actor in a supporting role at the 6th and 7th africa movie academy awards respectively.
2005 direct collected additionally posthumous bisexual poems desire jamaican writer june jordan work american compete have category lesbian poetry collection win||additionally, in 2005, directed by desire: collected poems, a posthumous collection of the bisexual jamaican american writer june jordan's work, had to compete (and win) in the category "lesbian poetry".
temple shegaon magnificent host||shegaon hosts a magnificent temple.
provide option remote rje entry allow job submit feature job stream jcl processing batch third user||a third option provided remote job entry (rje) features allowing users to submit jcl job streams for batch processing.
scientific well indicate habitus resemble as name common babbler tit as macronus diminutive version||as the scientific as well as the common names indicate, their habitus resembles a diminutive version of the tit-babblers (macronus).
rothaermel frank professor t. scheller business technology college institute alfred sloan fellow studies industry georgia p.||frank t. rothaermel is a professor in the scheller college of business at the georgia institute of technology and an alfred p. sloan industry studies fellow.
refer spontaneous volunteer unaffiliated assist individual volunteer suv member typically large community publicize scale disaster well||spontaneous unaffiliated volunteer (suv) refers to individuals who volunteer to assist community members, typically after a large-scale or well-publicized disaster.
other village ozar panchayat rewandi rewandi||ozar is the other village along with rewandi in rewandi panchayat.
sea snail gastropod crommium extinct family naticidae snail mollusk moon genus marine||crommium is an extinct genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family naticidae, the moon snails.
long arab world yemen capital cultural||in the arab world, yemen has long been a cultural capital.
tour one twenty20 consist three match day one t20 internationals test two odis||the tour consisted of one twenty20 (t20), two test matches and three one day internationals (odis).
catholic lataste birthplace marie visionary||it was the birthplace of catholic visionary marie lataste.
land snail elegan be pomatias type example three gland cell suprapedal produce cell gland cell cell produce mucopolysaccharide produce mucoprotein sulphate protein||for example, in the suprapedal gland of the land snail pomatias elegans there are three types of gland cells: cells producing mucoproteins, cells producing proteins and cells producing sulphated mucopolysaccharides.
effect decorative frost resemblance frosting appearance name||frosting is a decorative effect named after its resemblance to the appearance of frost.
- chapter co write new||a new chapter were co-written by him.
king consulting international have consultancy ariel firm||king has a consultancy firm, ariel consulting international.
express wasteland delivery service 2 player game pandasaurus 5 2017 publish board games||wasteland express delivery service is a board game for 2 to 5 players published by pandasaurus games in 2017.
one 1493 1530 print tenth more publication volume ten paris thousand||from 1493 to 1530 he printed about one tenth of all publications in paris, more than ten thousand volumes.
ninth 1972 draft draft detroit red nhl amateur wings round||he was drafted in the ninth round of the 1972 nhl amateur draft by the detroit red wings.
first operate scale effort breeder america fail full||america's first effort at operating a full-scale breeder had failed.
music west 21 austrian music production hoax wals company siezenheim pose salzburg where base||west 21 music was a hoax where someone posed as an austrian production music company based in wals-siezenheim, salzburg.
israeli shooting yair davidovitz sport federation issf international delegate slate issf supervise kuwait 2015 technical event||yair davidovitz an israeli international shooting sport federation (issf) technical delegate, was slated to supervise the event in kuwait for the issf in 2015.
hong fundamental member legal independent system judiciary branch legislative kong executive||it is fundamental to the hong kong legal system that members of the judiciary are independent of the executive and legislative branches.
mathews mathunny singh vedi abey v.k hussain warrier harbajan varicad few kuwait base ali immensely other help effort fellow indians evacuation||mathunny mathews, harbajan singh vedi, abey varicad, v.k warrier, ali hussain and few others based in kuwait helped immensely in the evacuation efforts of fellow indians.
september die 26 1994||he died on 26 september 1994.
time lucillus know less valerianus 1018 year year frequently condita consulship urbe ab||at the time, it was known as the year of the consulship of valerianus and lucillus (or, less frequently, year 1018 ab urbe condita).
use series dreher paint skull flower piece landscape interior||dreher has painted series using landscapes and interiors, flower pieces and skulls.
summer truffle tuber tuber burgundy truffle uncinatum truffle aestivum find species country almost european||the summer truffle (tuber aestivum) or burgundy truffle (tuber uncinatum) is a species of truffle, found in almost all european countries.
hall kindergarten church unite list heritage building 219 255 anson orange new church south orange wales city street australia||uniting church and kindergarten hall is an heritage-listed church building at 219-255 anson street, orange, city of orange, new south wales, australia.
single weatherall ben have list trucker one andrew remixe tracks year nme||the single had remixes by andrew weatherall and ben trucker and was listed as one of nme's tracks of the year.
2002 indonesian 15 that announce october bombing trace investigator scene recover bali c-4 explosive plastic||on october 15, 2002, he announced that indonesian investigators at the scene of the bali bombing had recovered traces of c-4 plastic explosives.
euroleague win hine two award 2016 2018 defender time best||hines won the euroleague best defender award for two times, in 2016 and 2018.
lodi city san joaquin mayor county current||he is the current mayor of the city of lodi in san joaquin county.
patrons directly foundation arts annual donation award zealand awards arts artist new||donations from patrons of the arts foundation are awarded directly to artists at the annual new zealand arts awards.
author dennis o'neil graphic joe staton novel laughlin ian bill sienkiewicz||the graphic novel was authored by dennis o'neil, joe staton, bill sienkiewicz, and ian laughlin.
simple registry information term setting windows contain registry value hardware other option version microsoft program windows system instal operating||in simple terms, the registry or windows registry contains information, settings, options, and other values for programs and hardware installed on all versions of microsoft windows operating systems.
select united training unit states responsible unit army guard reserve national||the unit is responsible for training selected united states army reserve and national guard units.
7 mellor scott know may stage name 1982 loston bear daniel music producer australian designer graphic||scott daniel mellor (born 7 may 1982), known by his stage name loston, is an australian music producer and graphic designer.
improve four order c-17s ability defense mid-2006 force australia adf australian operate region||four c-17s were ordered in mid-2006 to improve the ability of the australian defense force (adf) to operate outside australia and its region.
camp once year offer||this camp is offered once a year.
county bongard unincorporated champaign community united illinois states||bongard is an unincorporated community in champaign county, illinois, united states.
australian win championship team gold member world world 2014 wheelchair rugby championships odense denmark first medal||he was a member of the australian team that won its first world championship gold medal at the 2014 world wheelchair rugby championships at odense, denmark. .
norway orienteering federation international association orienteere member recognize||it is recognized as the orienteering association for norway by the international orienteering federation, of which it is a member.
accountability school give education indiana b grade 2016 department||the school was given a "b" grade for accountability by the indiana department of education in 2016.
toronto beach canadian football team balmy base beachers member ontario football rugby toronto precede league football canadian ontario league union||toronto balmy beach beachers were a canadian football team based in toronto, ontario and a member of the ontario rugby football union, a league that preceded the canadian football league.
sheet metal nut know also speed clip nut nut type nut see ambiguous design sheet metal speed clip nut||a clip-on nut, also known as a sheet metal nut or a speed nut (but this is ambiguous, see speed nut), is a type of nut designed to be clipped to sheet metal.
lewis work lockwood regard reason unity rather bagatelle collection piece fall start suggest key succession major pattern regular descend third lockwood notice beethoven eroica second op symphony quartet also string||lewis lockwood suggests another reason to regard the work as a unity rather than a collection: starting with the second bagatelle, the keys of the pieces fall in a regular succession of descending major thirds, a pattern lockwood also notices in beethoven's "eroica" symphony and the string quartet, op.
873 lac ev hip 112460 faint gliese red star 16.5 lacertae dwarf away light constellation year lacerta||lacertae (ev lac, gliese 873, hip 112460) is a faint red dwarf star 16.5 light years away in the constellation lacerta.
scharffi mimick eburneana specie ant jump spider||eburneana scharffi is a jumping spider species that mimicks ants.
compete premier country league football license a australia victory federation enter inaugural victorian competition base only competition revamp australian newly season domestic league club||competing in the country's premier competition, the a-league, under license from football federation australia, victory entered the competition in the inaugural season as the only victorian-based club in the newly revamped domestic australian league.
baronetcy county perridge united baronetage devon title studholme kingdom||the studholme baronetcy, of perridge in the county of devon, is a title in the baronetage of the united kingdom.
level england under-15 dear side age 14 represent captain||dear has represented england at under-15 level, captaining the side at the age on 14.
pan 2015 compete american july 10 jamaica toronto canada games jamaican 2015.the consist athlete 56 26 team 7 announce sport jamaica 2015 olympic july association 3||jamaica competed in the 2015 pan american games in toronto, canada from july 10 to 26, 2015.the jamaican team consisting of 56 athletes in 7 sports was announced on july 3, 2015 by the jamaica olympic association.
meter world man 2004 event 1500 hold junior athletics olimpico carlo championships italy 15 july grosseto stadio zecchini 13||the men's 1500 meters event at the 2004 world junior championships in athletics was held in grosseto, italy, at stadio olimpico carlo zecchini on 13 and 15 july.
steen 2007 jakob composer magnus jensen contest win freud krarup write suggestion national anthem new danish||in 2007, steen krarup jensen and composer jakob freud-magnus won a danish contest by writing a suggestion for a new national anthem.
species large sea snail zeacolpus marine vittatus gastropod family turritellidae tower snail mollusc||zeacolpus vittatus is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family turritellidae, the tower snails.
amiga commodore release super nintendo 64 version game||versions of the game were released for amiga, commodore 64, and super nintendo.
frog family litoria spinifera species hylidae||litoria spinifera is a species of frog in the family hylidae.
popular dye very blue import colonial period india british penang||the blue was very popular in the colonial period and the dye was imported from india to penang by the british.
predecessor hugh so baronetcy create remainder allow sir son heir male daughter have special succeed two||sir hugh, like his predecessor, had no sons, so the baronetcy was created with a special remainder allowing the male heirs of his two daughters to succeed.
jerry most producer take duty wexler hathaway one production produce track take atlantic love song pen self||atlantic producer jerry wexler took over most of the production duties, with hathaway producing one track, the self-penned "take a love song".
accademia accademia degli academy academy arcadians italian academy literary arcadi rome arcadia dell'arcadia 1690 found||the accademia degli arcadi or accademia dell'arcadia, "academy of arcadia" or "academy of the arcadians", was an italian literary academy founded in rome in 1690.
travel later take iraq asylum claim citizenship syria iraqi||he claimed asylum in syria, later traveling to iraq and taking iraqi citizenship.
smith eirian world championships gymnastics compete 2014 acrobatic||with eirian smith, he competed in the 2014 acrobatic gymnastics world championships.
reduction define computational complexity parsimonious transformation type property algorithm specific other||specific types of parsimonious reductions may be defined by the computational complexity or other properties of the transformation algorithm.
dubious genus praeornis avialan dinosaur basis like bird feather early formation name discover sharov balabansai single kazakhstan 1971||praeornis is a dubious genus of early avialan or bird-like dinosaur, named on the basis of a single feather discovered in the balabansai formation of kazakhstan by sharov in 1971.
prowl 1957 film direct crime write man american napoleon napoleon art art napoleon jo||man on the prowl is a 1957 american crime film directed by art napoleon and written by art napoleon and jo napoleon.
infamous pratt riot see sail tubs blood harbor u.s. street flag fly||after the infamous pratt street riot, the blood tubs could be seen sailing up and down the harbor flying u.s. flags.
animal related bird generally rigid call unit theropod scapulocoracoid entire||in birds (and generally theropods and related animals), the entire unit is rigid and called scapulocoracoid.
awards take 2009 place 30 2009 conference scottish center september glasgow secc scotland mobo exhibition||the 2009 mobo awards took place on 30 september 2009 at the scottish exhibition and conference center (secc) in glasgow, scotland.
straight salena dvd release also incident entertainment entitle distribute produce hill temple lionsgate||it is also entitled "the salena incident" and was a straight to dvd release produced by temple hill entertainment and distributed by lionsgate.
1990 rowing championships gold tasmania world win man scull quadruple medal||he won a gold medal at the 1990 world rowing championships in tasmania with the men's quadruple sculls.
procurement new build method accord procuring principle meat bvp although tender economically tender advantageous most||although bvp is a new procurement method, it does build on procuring and tendering according to the meat principle (most economically advantageous tender).
register orange name 50 most southern list powerful los california sports angeles 2017 journal los 500 business list angeles county influential most 2017 people 2016||she was named to the orange county register's 50 most powerful in southern california sports list in 2017 and to the los angeles business journal's list of the los angeles 500 most influential people in 2016 and 2017.
250 school + school 2018 roster enrol 20 student full + year teacher 2017 time||the school enrolled 250+ students in the 2017-2018 school year with a roster of 20+ full time teachers.
affair investigate clearstream urba frigates affair french taiwan relate||he investigated the french-taiwan frigates affair, which was related to the clearstream, and the urba affair.
general very similar spilosoma specie genitalia different male appearance||by general appearance, it is very similar to spilosoma species, but male genitalia are different.
become interchange if crossrail green station light give glasgow major||the station will become a major interchange if the glasgow crossrail is given the green light.
town marathon county states united wisconsin spencer||spencer is a town in marathon county, wisconsin, united states.
for open large united kingdom datum great campaign government have usage prohibitively amount public fee large||there have been campaigns in the united kingdom for its government to open up the large amounts of data it has for greater public usage without prohibitively large fees.
plating outer shell steel most structure aluminum boat hull ship||shell plating is the outer-most structure on the hull of a steel or aluminum ship or boat.
career clanfield get manage league playing football cup win season 1973 league hellenic 74||after his playing career he managed clanfield getting them to win the hellenic football league league cup in the 1973-74 season.
jetty eyre pioneer build price shear woolshe peninsula lease maurice transport market latter jetty wool pastoral two 1881 pastoral date||the woolshed and jetty were built by eyre peninsula pastoral pioneer price maurice to shear wool from his pastoral leases and transport it to markets; the jetty, the latter of the two, dates from 1881.
frigate italian navy alpino operate cold war||alpino was a frigate operated by the italian navy during the cold war.
10,000 meter feature man world 1997 championships greece event athens||the men's 10,000 meters event featured at the 1997 world championships in athens, greece.
bear april 26 terry american kern 1954 former jumper olympics winter ski 1976 compete||terry kern (born 26 april 1954) is an american former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 winter olympics.
be michael episode j. 145 fox star charlie 100 star total last first episode sheen 45||in total, there are 145 episodes, with michael j. fox starring in the first 100 episodes, and charlie sheen starring in the last 45.
genetics genomics group dr. pmel research stepien g3 target team apply high work develop sequence metagenomic member throughput quantify identify relative specie assay population diversity analyze abundance connectivity assemblage coast alaskan use water environmental genetic tow plankton sample pacific water dna||with her research team, the genetics and genomics group (g3) at pmel, dr. stepien is working to develop and apply targeted high-throughput sequencing metagenomic assays to identify members of species assemblages, quantify their relative abundances, and analyze their population genetic diversity and connectivity along the pacific coast and alaskan waters, using environmental dna from water and plankton tow samples.
approach originally theater group innovation stanislavski develop 1930 base konstantin||the approach was originally developed by the group theater in the 1930s based on the innovations of konstantin stanislavski.
congressional district congressional california state district california u.s. 14th||california's 14th congressional district is a congressional district in the u.s. state of california.
nahur jurisdiction central railway construct distance reduce station fall railways bhandup train station two mulund large railway quite consecutive station||nahur railway station falls under the jurisdiction of central railways and it was constructed to reduce the distance (between two consecutive train stations) between bhandup and mulund railway stations, which was quite large.
scarface gang one because member gang gang name tony american dress film character scarface 1983 montana||the gang was named "the scarface gang" because one of the members of the gang dressed like the character tony montana from the 1983 american film scarface.
performance produce installation lead exhibition project de artist participatory solo museum san francisco museum young art airport torrance international museum san art yerba buena modern san center diego arts arts francisco exposure southern commission rmcad||she has produced solo exhibitions, installations, performances, and artist-led participatory projects for the de young museum, san francisco museum of modern art, san diego international airport, torrance art museum, yerba buena center for the arts, san francisco arts commission, rmcad, and southern exposure.
former mognard serve journalist press president panafrican association deputy pompigne well as appa france president association france appa panafrican adviser press special||a former journalist, pompigne-mognard has served as deputy-president of the panafrican press association in france (appa) as well as special-adviser to the president of the panafrican press association in france (appa).
full voting clp have status national right party liberal observer party||the clp has full voting rights within the national party, and observer status with the liberal party.
contain recording 1995 two 1992 concert||it contains recordings from two concerts from 1992 and 1995.
use after present courthouse build jail now closed||it was used as a jail after the present courthouse was built but is now closed.
incorporate define technology consolidated software device hardware set design operator purchase operate maintain allow network radio equipment telecommunications set support single while standard component multiple communication mobile||the technology incorporates a software-defined radio device, and is designed with a consolidated set of hardware components, allowing operators to purchase, operate and maintain a single telecommunications network and set of equipment, while supporting multiple mobile communications standards.
mistakenly protracted conflict shortly boss l.a. arrival crime draw henchman vicious||shortly after their arrival, he is mistakenly drawn into a protracted conflict with an l.a. crime boss and his vicious henchmen.
when water venue popular high level have enough aquatic boat tennis club also hunting popular club sport season ground fowl wild when||it was a popular venue for aquatic sports when the water level was high enough, had both a boat club and a tennis club, and was also a popular hunting ground when wild fowl were in season.
reciprocate blade saw irregular cut jigsaw use wood design stencil other material such curve metal||a jigsaw is a saw which uses a reciprocating blade to cut irregular curves, such as stenciled designs, in wood, metal, or other materials.
traditional use produce photographic equipment camera image darkroom computer camera use directly create film other medium include manipulate digital photographic presentation paper||the image may be produced using traditional photographic equipment like a camera, darkroom or computer, or it may be created without using a camera by directly manipulating film, paper or other photographic media, including digital presentations.
outskirt town southern helston park flambard england amusement cornwall kingdom united||flambards is an amusement park on the southern outskirts of the town of helston in cornwall, england, united kingdom.
addition season lowest ally mcbeal ground cancelation season also only show win rate fail show award emmy golden globe||in addition to being the lowest-rated season of ally mcbeal and the grounds for the show's cancelation, it was also the only season of the show that failed to win any emmy or golden globe awards.
kingdom united new season other show horse adventures country tv channel 253 2014 2016 sky country||in the united kingdom and some other countries, both seasons of the new adventures were shown on horse & country tv (sky channel 253) between 2014 and 2016.
435 mobile avalon labrador peninsula community province canada newfoundland||mobile is a community of 435 on the avalon peninsula in the province of newfoundland and labrador, canada.
price price index movement consider only security gain make capital return index include dividend while total right other distribution interest give loss time offering realize period index||a price index only considers price movements (capital gains or losses) of the securities that make up the index, while a total return index includes dividends, interest, rights offerings and other distributions realized over a given period of time.
sell hp stop hp system 9000 end pa base 2008 support run pa 2013 server risc chip risc||hp stopped selling pa-risc-based hp 9000 systems at the end of 2008 but supported servers running pa-risc chips until 2013.
michigan tavern part system open museum seasonally historical||the tavern is open seasonally as part of the michigan historical museum system.
play sony awards cooper win giles||the play won sony and giles cooper awards.
find peru paraguay||it is found in paraguay and peru.
slovenian do lenart zajc 12h 5 novel author||5 do 12h is a novel by slovenian author lenart zajc.
district republican represent 27a include kraus county state freeborn part southeastern||kraus, a republican, who represented district 27a, which included all of freeborn county in the southeastern part of the state.
scarborough fair originate henry grant 22 charter king 1253 iii january england||scarborough fair originated from a charter granted by king henry iii of england on 22 january 1253.
victim blood williams mix reenactment probable sacrifice biblical coconut also oil||williams also mixed some of his victim's blood with coconut oil in a probable reenactment of a biblical sacrifice.
as election somewhat 1994 area assume safely surprise widely conservative||his election in 1994 was somewhat of a surprise as the area was widely assumed to be safely conservative.
represent member burns party democratic house illinois 2011 2008 26th representatives district||a member of the democratic party, burns represented the 26th district in the illinois house of representatives from 2008 through 2011.
scam parent variation enter church charity individual where hoax claim other money organization see ticket sick die have sick bus parent||a variation of this scam is the "sick parent" hoax, where an individual will enter a church, charity or other organization and claim they do not have the money for a bus ticket to see their sick or dying parent.
vidale comedian show time second join thea jenna belladonna stage actress haze host||comedian thea vidale hosted the show for the second time, joined on stage by actresses belladonna and jenna haze.
heels digitally hollywood publish hardcover 2012 april september 13 2013 release||hollywood in heels was released digitally in april 2012 and published in hardcover on september 13, 2013.
marcellus time consulship galus less year know urbe 588 ab year frequently condita||at the time it was known as the year of the consulship of marcellus and galus (or, less frequently, year 588 ab urbe condita).
cowes pride take pretty station station garden railway isle||cowes railway station took pride in being the "prettiest station on the garden isle".
transcript distinct encode isoform identify variant full determine gene sequence length multiple yet||multiple transcript variants encoding distinct isoforms have been identified for this gene; the full-length sequences of some of these have not been determined yet.
feed include larvae psidium specie sellowiana record macadamia eriobotyra acca psidium domestica japonica prunus pyrus guajava pyrifolia citrus specie include citrus persicae integrifolia citrus australis unshiu cassine schizomeria limon ovata prunus||the larvae have been recorded feeding on psidium species (including psidium guajava), acca sellowiana, macadamia integrifolia, eriobotyra japonica, prunus domestica, prunus persicae, pyrus pyrifolia, citrus species (including citrus unshiu and citrus limon), cassine australis and schizomeria ovata.
song write also 1960 murray artist other british manfred gerry pacemakers fame mann include georgie||murray also wrote songs for other british artists during the 1960s, including gerry and the pacemakers, manfred mann, and georgie fame.
23 1991 bear november alexander sule||alexander-sule (born 23 november 1991).
later manganese silver locate silver mine mile mine superior southwest arizona originally approximately 5||originally a silver mine, later a silver-manganese mine, it was located approximately 5 miles southwest of superior, arizona.
see beauty occasionally brief 2000 glimpse film mekas direct jonas documentary experimental||occasionally i saw brief glimpses of beauty is a 2000 experimental documentary film directed by jonas mekas.
software first study application america south wild design potato||the software was first designed for application to the study of wild potatoes in south america.
greater other more - manchester hand home anywhere millionaire city take manchester tally most london multi||on the other hand, greater manchester is home to more multi-millionaires than anywhere outside london, with the city of manchester taking up most of the tally.
mother controversy originally develop title regard harlots dress promotion rename dancer skimpy industry event sexualized commodore version never release 64 plan||it has been originally being developed as mother of harlots but was renamed after a controversy regarding the title and sexualized promotion with skimpy dressed dancers at an industry event, and a planned commodore 64 version was never released.
mask opponent doctor mystery man copperhead secret wayne identity main man satan search bob satan guardian death revenge governor bronson justice||doctor satan's main opponent is the masked mystery man, "the copperhead", whose secret identity is bob wayne, a man searching for justice and revenge on satan for the death of his guardian governor bronson.
moth donacoscapte family albivenali crambidae||donacoscaptes albivenalis is a moth in the family crambidae.
fttp base initial passive broadband verizon optical bpon offering technology network||verizon's initial fttp offering was based on broadband passive optical network (bpon) technology.
connect directly communicate microfilm magnetic recorder tape 7090||the microfilm recorder is not connected directly to the 7090, but communicates through magnetic tape.
absorption inhalation skin ingestion toxic||it is toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption.
magic occult look work also alchemy popular culture science sciences history modern early history europe||his work has also looked at the history of magic and the occult sciences, the history of alchemy, and science and popular culture in early modern europe.
rank rise war colonel||he rose to the rank of colonel during the war.
state bobcats montana football 2018 team 2018 state ncaa represent university football montana fcs season i division||the 2018 montana state bobcats football team represents montana state university in the 2018 ncaa division i fcs football season.
griffin own 2003 debut inclusion release january version late 2004 album record writing umtv label tom greg credit nichol - song fitzgerald title tonight re additional||in late 2003 griffin recorded his own version for inclusion on his debut album, (released in january 2004 on the umtv label) with additional writing credits by tom nichol and greg fitzgerald, and the song was re-titled "you and me (tonight)".
c9orf72 gene locate short chromosome open human p arm 9 pair base frame reading 72 base 27,573,863 pair 27,546,542||the human c9orf72 gene is located on the short (p) arm of chromosome 9 open reading frame 72, from base pair 27,546,542 to base pair 27,573,863.
15 bear july race chris car 1940 cord cord driver errett lobban founder also cord grandson corporation run cord automobile||chris cord (born july 15, 1940) is a race car driver and is a grandson of errett lobban cord, the founder of the cord corporation which also ran cord automobile.
differ detail depend state||details differ, depending on the state.
firm big south five africa one law||it is one of the "big five law firms" in south africa.
vice federation chair movement previously - labor dutch fnv||previously she was vice-chair of the federation dutch labor movement (fnv).
disallow precedent case set group address large use filing ip distribute copyright peer network peer work||this case set a precedent for disallowing filings against large groups of ip addresses used to distribute copyrighted works over peer-to-peer networks.
timber encircle traditional tripartite wooden church lviv fence transfer 1930 turkivskyi kryvka village raion||this traditional tripartite timber church, encircled by a wooden fence, was transferred to lviv from kryvka village, turkivskyi raion in 1930.
spiral left turn right||the spiral may turn to the right or to the left.
skippy flow know||he is known for his skippy flow.
apollo grannus apollo regularly identify||he was regularly identified with apollo as apollo grannus.
horse 1 carousel contain giraffe 1 54 chariot goat 1 hand carve looff 2 tiger||the carousel contains 54 horses, 1 giraffe, 1 tiger, 1 goat and 2 chariots, all hand carved by looff himself.
educate 1977 ordain monash university huggin||huggins was educated at monash university and ordained in 1977.
golden globe award bafta nomination 1957 primetime hatful rain award win miniserie people 1990 television emmy us receive||she received golden globe and bafta award nominations for a hatful of rain (1957) and won a primetime emmy award for the television miniseries people like us (1990).
site archeological russian autonomous ekven okrug chukotka||ekven is an archeological site in the russian chukotka autonomous okrug.
planning location establish redevelopment base urban urban purpose planning authority if area station station situate more area two park more boundary planning one e.g. farrer show location||the locations of the stations are based on planning areas established by the urban redevelopment authority for urban planning purpose; if a station is situated along the boundary of two or more planning areas (e.g. farrer park), more than one location will be shown.
los designer fernandez interior principal base angeles design waldo||fernandez is a los angeles-based interior designer and principal in waldo's designs.
black shoot dakota hills south||it was shot in black hills, south dakota.
wychavon wick worcestershire county district england village||wick is a village in the district of wychavon in the county of worcestershire, england.
sussex morris delaware county mill unincorporated community united states||morris mill is an unincorporated community in sussex county, delaware, united states.
originally call lookalike 1981 rv jeep 1998 make iteration build wing car eagle ss call gull several||originally making a jeep lookalike called the rv, between 1981 and 1998 they built several iterations of a gull-winged car called the eagle ss.
american 2008 poole henry direct here pellington drama film mark comedy||henry poole is here is a 2008 american comedy-drama film directed by mark pellington.
feature aspect manifest clearly contrast although romanian imperfect perfect verb tense presumptive as compound independent well mood||aspect is not an independent feature in romanian verbs, although it does manifest itself clearly in the contrast between the imperfect and the compound perfect tenses as well as within the presumptive mood.
malere aileu district aileu seloi timor suco subdistrict east||seloi malere is a suco in aileu subdistrict, aileu district, east timor.
plate result variscan rheic cycle pangaea collide formation gondwana when laurussia||the variscan (rheic) plate cycle resulted in the formation of pangaea when gondwana and laurussia collided.
korean plan south apartment complex build million new 2 size roughly government pyeong||the south korean government plans to build a new apartment complex roughly 2 million pyeong in size.
symptomatic setting emergency patient usually drug present sympathomimetic epinephrine atropine use drug rate bradycardia heart dopamine underlying adequate cause level isolate possibly permanent bradycardia increase place pacemaker then until||for patients who present in an emergency setting with symptomatic bradycardias, usually drugs like atropine or sympathomimetic drugs (epinephrine or dopamine) can be used to increase the heart rate to an adequate level until the underlying cause of the bradycardia can be isolated and then, possibly, a permanent pacemaker can be placed.
native pakistan capture wife return pakistani hand authority detain visit cia||he was detained after returning to his native pakistan to visit his wife and was captured by pakistani authorities, who handed him over to the cia.
1909 3 minister ministers chief since one minister chief 11 prime prime person minister total government head 15 make||since 1909, there have been 3 chief ministers and 11 prime ministers and one was both chief minister and prime minister, making a total of 15 persons being or having been head of government.
gender - author assessment cole co willingham 1997 cole most ever extensive study gender fair assessment complete regard educational||cole co-authored gender and fair assessment (willingham & cole, 1997), which is regarded as the most extensive study ever completed on gender and educational assessment.
1920s found town||this town was founded in the 1920s.
am wneg 630 classic station format broadcast radio hit||wneg (630 am) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format.
nine career 2,081 nfl total king 3,660 yard yard scrimmage rush year||in his nine-year nfl career, king totaled 2,081 rushing yards and 3,660 yards from scrimmage.
hits album electronic band remix electric company greatest||greatest hits is a remix album by the electronic band electric company.
lie hamlet dyke path offa pass dyke offa||the hamlet lies on offa's dyke, and the offa's dyke path passes through.
division league thai 1 since establishment league 13th 1997 2010 season||2010 thai league division 1 is the 13th season of the league since its establishment in 1997.
haute novel aitken 1989 will terre||terre haute is a 1989 novel by will aitken.
view baryonic matter accepted universe state exist that much||the accepted view is that much of the baryonic matter in the universe exists in this state.
theorem mathematical fitting fitting prove hans theorem||fitting's theorem is a mathematical theorem proved by hans fitting.
catholic city first allen establish 1981 church||the first catholic church in the city of allen, it was established in 1981.
1530 publish amanti nobili||nobili amanti published in 1530.
represent deal porter softwood handle port principally union surrey import commercial docks london rotherhithe balk||the union represented deal porters, who handled balks of imported softwood at the port of london, principally around the surrey commercial docks at rotherhithe.
know year consulship time year flaccus 493 ab frequently condita urbe less crassus||at the time it was known as the year of the consulship of flaccus and crassus (or, less frequently, year 493 ab urbe condita).
dance new base york city company||a new york city based dance company.
large park triangular shape northwest contain heckscher corner museum pond roughly establish august heckscher well rainbow as art industrialist chapin theater||the park is roughly triangular-shaped with a large pond on northwest corner, and contains the heckscher museum of art established by industrialist august heckscher, as well as the chapin rainbow theater.
illustrate book write philpot seaton graham mark||the books are written by mark seaton and illustrated by graham philpot.
supergroup originally up steve guitarist vai feature bassist billy sheehan drummer gregg band popular line song bissonette mid-1980 album numerous release late 1990||originally featuring a supergroup line-up of guitarist steve vai, bassist billy sheehan, and drummer gregg bissonette, the band released numerous popular songs and albums from the mid-1980s until the late 1990s.
former member wall street detroit member brigade water movement occupy found strategic ceo firm communication liberati group||he is a former member of the occupy wall street movement, founding member of the detroit water brigade and ceo of the liberati group, a strategic communications firm.
scandal attribute expense that redundancy fact payment scrap election style depart mps||this has been attributed to the expenses scandal and the fact that redundancy-style payments for departing mps may be scrapped after the election.
nyctibius near bird potoo passerine great large member specie order large nightjar grandi potoo caprimulgiformes ally||the great potoo (nyctibius grandis) is a near passerine bird, both the largest potoo species and the largest member of the order caprimulgiformes (nightjars and allies).
lusak filipino 1990 sa drama film direct brocka lino gumapang ka||gumapang ka sa lusak is a 1990 filipino drama film directed by lino brocka.
council 1123 lateranthe reckon first ecumenical church council catholic series council||first council of the lateranthe council of 1123 is reckoned in the series of ecumenical councils by the catholic church.
kcbc 770 radio religious format radio broadcast station am||kcbc (770 am) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format.
project american african community historic bayou mississippi survey include list historic mound places result national register||his projects have included surveying the historic african american community of mound bayou, mississippi resulting in its being listed in the national register of historic places.
art macdonald formerly guelph agg gallery stewart art public center gallery guelph adjoining park corner avenue college gordon sculpture street||the art gallery of guelph (agg), formerly the macdonald stewart art center, is a public gallery and adjoining sculpture park in guelph, on the corner of gordon street and college avenue.
population 532 census 2010||as of the 2010 census, its population was 532.
unit tractor australian prime combination english mover call prime mover - know semi trailer semi single trailer||in australian english, the tractor unit is called a "prime-mover", and the combination of a prime-mover and trailer is known as a "semi-trailer", "semi" or single.
be access close bennett||there is access from bennett's close.
publisher talsorian games where develop r. well know work role game play majority founding 1982 since company line company||he is best known for his work for the publisher r. talsorian games, where he developed a majority of the company's role-playing game lines since the company's founding in 1982.
legume root first attract order flavonoid release rhizobium||first of all, the legume root itself will release flavonoids in order to attract rhizobium to itself.
resign august 1991 15||he resigned on 15 august 1991.
place usually take alice race springs park town territory blatherskite northern||the race usually takes place at blatherskite park in the town alice springs, northern territory.
ag introduce camera 2009 leica september||it was introduced by leica camera ag in september 2009.
complementation that human encode a1cf protein factor gene apobec1||apobec1 complementation factor is a protein that in humans is encoded by the a1cf gene.
work american pin feature artist early george petty rendition||early renditions featured the work of american pin-up artist george petty.
school district independent school granbury public texas usa district base granbury||granbury independent school district is a public school district based in granbury, texas (usa).
leicestershire counties second play minor second match xi road ground use fairfield icc match also 1986 championship eleven trophy 1982||leicestershire's second xi has played both minor counties and second eleven championship matches at the fairfield road ground, and it was also used for matches in the icc trophy in both 1982 and 1986.
non league go play worksop team hucknall frickley athletic town since steels stocksbridge town park -||he has since gone on to play for non-league teams worksop town, hucknall town, frickley athletic and stocksbridge park steels.
region york fredericton formerly know museum sunbury small - found profit non museum sunbury 1934 society museum york historical||the fredericton region museum, formerly known as the york sunbury museum, is a small, non-profit museum founded in 1934 by the york sunbury historical society.
serve co - planning chair commission also rivera pico community rivera chairperson resources advisory pico commission||she has also served as co-chair of the pico rivera planning commission and chairperson of the pico rivera community resources advisory commission.
fleet naval compose british vessel commonwealth||the fleet was composed of british commonwealth naval vessels.
life sri gurucharitra shirdi sai devotee ganpatrao write biography sai dattatreya buddhe well ganu sahasra maharaj das baba know||sri sai gurucharitra is a biography on the life of sai baba of shirdi, written by his devotee ganpatrao dattatreya sahasra-buddhe, better known as das ganu maharaj.
chairman july 2012 english birmingham club f.c. football chief birmingham executive international holdings officer june city||until june/july 2012 he was the chairman of the english football club birmingham city f.c. and chief executive officer of birmingham international holdings.
aldridge leslie 30 bear june 1940 brian player cricket retire professional professional cricket umpire national manager qsm cricket zealand umpiring new||brian leslie aldridge qsm (born 30 june 1940) is a retired professional cricket player and professional cricket umpire, and the national umpiring manager for new zealand cricket.
explore literature americans role african large society american culture american slavery theme social racism african equality issue||among the themes and issues explored in this literature are the role of african americans within the larger american society, african-american culture, racism, slavery, and social equality.
raleigh change augusta air line 1871 railroad name charter carolina general south 1878 february assembly||it changed its name to the raleigh and augusta air line railroad in 1871, and was chartered by the south carolina general assembly in february 1878.
february 14 mandorlini italian professional footballer bear former andrea midfielder 1991 play||andrea mandorlini (born 14 february 1991) is an italian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
also francis pen justiciar elphinstone write name||he also wrote under the pen names justiciar and francis elphinstone.
plan line be 22 aluva pettah station||there are 22 stations planned on the line from aluva to pettah.
large alumnus mellon school responsible fund part gallery paul president pei commission east building gallery also d.c. national national roughly art time same washington||it was funded in large part by school alumnus paul mellon, who was also responsible as the national gallery's president for pei's commission for the east building of the national gallery of art, washington, d.c. at roughly the same time.
u.s. locate michigan state county county mason||mason county is a county located in the u.s. state of michigan.
steadily 2001 event big grow area type launch||it was launched in 2001 and is steadily growing to be the biggest event of its type in the area.
hand parse software history poker site online play that store statistic create historical pokertracker information play result library database import self game analysis opponent time local real use head display analysis||pokertracker's software imports and parses the hand histories that poker sites create during online play and stores the resulting statistics/information about historical play into a local database library for self-analysis, and for in-game opponent analysis using a real-time head-up display.
divinity university establishment reader andrews pope first benedict provide st avignon bishop orkney xiii 1415 november 15||a reader in divinity at the university of st andrews at its first establishment, he was provided by avignon pope benedict xiii as bishop of orkney 15 november 1415.
first lyndow short adventure video publish game eastshade develop studios person||lyndow is a short first-person adventure video game developed and published by eastshade studios.
river mokelumne tributary||it is a tributary of the mokelumne river.
move 16 up lap second||he moved up to second on lap 16.
july 1979 edyta bear polish 24 przysucha wrestler wrestler sumo retire witkowska||edyta witkowska (born july 24, 1979 in przysucha) is a retired polish wrestler and sumo wrestler.
public also chairperson 10th committee lesotho parliament accounts pac||he is also the chairperson of the public accounts committee (pac) of the 10th parliament of lesotho.
number allege lawsuit company risk conceal involve nuvaring file associate health million settle 100 currently use||a number of lawsuits have been filed alleging the companies involved concealed the health risks associated with using the nuvaring, which are currently being settled for $100 million.
third long running 2016 show video arcade top ytv hit list 14 10 15 year air respectively||as of 2016, uh oh! is the third longest running show on ytv, behind hit list and video & arcade top 10, both of which aired for 14 and 15 years respectively.
compete poly currently tank ghana ghana premier division league one formerly league||they are currently competing in the ghana poly tank division one league formerly of ghana premier league.
feature homeless film gang youth existence brazil struggle street poor||the film features a street gang of poor homeless youth struggling for existence in brazil.
carolyn speer miles 1962 president c.e.o. save bear children||carolyn speer miles (born 1962) is the president and c.e.o. of save the children.
profession surveying technique science terrestrial land position dimensional point angle three distance surveying determine||surveying or land surveying is the technique, profession, and science of determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional positions of points and the distances and angles between them.
hamevasser question favor language first language jewish have school hebrew argue that hebrew language jewish state regard national||regarding the language question hamevasser argued in favor of having hebrew as the first language in jewish schools, stating that hebrew was the jewish national language.
aftermath result skirmish british capture landing militia||skirmishes in the aftermath of the landing resulted in the british capture of some of those militia.
amblia olivella small species marine gastropod sea mollusk dwarf olivellidae olive family snail||olivella amblia is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family olivellidae, the dwarf olives.
numbering call unique use folios system||it uses a unique numbering system called folios.
' good gooder home site store now use item n variety||the site is now home to good 'n gooder, a store with a variety of used items.
true good strictly approximation effect gravity although compare because negligible||although this is not strictly true, it is a good approximation because its effect is negligible compared to that of gravity.
smell gasser suppose odor soon report strange home paralysis symptom such nausea victim follow vomiting cough leg||the gasser's supposed victims reported smelling strange odors in their homes which were soon followed by symptoms such as paralysis of the legs, coughing, nausea and vomiting.
wood violet know violet common english sweet violet violet commonly garden violet violet florist||it is commonly known as wood violet, sweet violet, english violet, common violet, florist's violet, or garden violet.
ronstadt have linda hit cover top also 1980 10 version||linda ronstadt also had a top 10 hit with her cover version in 1980.
story one machindranath matsyendranath mahasiddhas eighty life four base||the story is based on the life of matsyendranath or machindranath one of the eighty-four mahasiddhas.
priest deacon ford 1950 ordain 1949||ford was ordained deacon in 1949, and priest in 1950.
father mandy frank islacker islacker grandfather||he was the father of frank islacker and the grandfather of mandy islacker.
build kampung abdullah former village haji project hukum site||this project is built at the site of former kampung haji abdullah hukum village.
series star rajshri indraneil productions sengupta produce barkha bisht lead main||the series is produced by rajshri productions, and stars barkha bisht and indraneil sengupta in the main lead.
other move positive avoid minority marginalization concern mainstream say||others say it is a positive move to 'mainstream' minority concerns and avoid marginalization.
bear now gloucestershire east bristol kingswood south start game go rovers 105 southern play bristol league score twice||he was born in kingswood in what is now south gloucestershire and after starting out with bristol east went on to play 105 games for bristol rovers in the southern league, scoring twice.
riker wife brooks matthew robin jennifer love play bradley child play pierce hewitt||robin riker played his wife and matthew brooks, jennifer love hewitt, and bradley pierce played their children.
breck peter mccay angela star cartwright carroll o'connor blend several story novel film feature peggy heroic win rig save dog short snake handicapped show poacher kill lad pup injure capture one owner girl||starring peter breck, peggy mccay, carroll o'connor, and angela cartwright, the film blends several of the short stories featured in the novel, with the heroic lad winning a rigged dog show, saving a handicapped girl from a snake, and capturing a poacher who killed his pups and injured one of his owners.
biplane modify span sesquiplane initially equal||initially an equal span biplane, it was modified into a sesquiplane.
bear lawrence kuhn intellectual public 1944 investment robert banker corporate strategist international||robert lawrence kuhn (born 1944) is a public intellectual, international corporate strategist and investment banker.
air currently trutv||it is currently airing on trutv.
lijn operate street underground light antwerp antwerp de rail - run tramway metro pre||de lijn operates: antwerp tramway, with both street running and underground light rail (antwerp pre-metro).
lack long three structure left dimensional stable polypeptide last first hand figure side||this polypeptide lacks any stable (long-lasting) three-dimensional structure (the left hand side of the first figure).
many medium work installation include photography drawing painting||she works in many media including installation, photography, painting and drawing.
emotive rhetoric grammatical mimic emotional conjugation form illustrate conjugation verb human irregular describe more tendency charitably behavior other behavior own||in rhetoric, emotive or emotional conjugation mimics the form of a grammatical conjugation of an irregular verb to illustrate humans' tendency to describe their own behavior more charitably than the behavior of others.
well portrayal three bbc series probably know comedy two pints packet one lager kate series 2004 crisps||she is probably best known for her portrayal of kate in the bbc three comedy series two pints of lager and a packet of crisps, which she was in for one series, in 2004.
new middlesex confuse county jersey milltown||not to be confused with milltown, new jersey in middlesex county.
bring expertise knowledge advisory area organization member goal support ably specific board||the members of the advisory board bring expertise and knowledge to the organization in specific areas that ably support its goals.
candidate seat george hold party sylvester labor||the labor candidate, george sylvester, held the seat for his party.
gum won monk enlightenment gwang shim kim chang 100 emerge prayer day bear temple meditation seoul retreat hwagyesa south sik korea 1965||shim gum do emerged from the enlightenment of the monk won gwang, born as chang sik kim, during a 100-day meditation and prayer retreat at hwagyesa temple in seoul, south korea in 1965.
national 2013 andrew mcnamara complete ride grand run forpadydeplasterer course||forpadydeplasterer ran in the 2013 grand national, ridden by andrew mcnamara, but did not complete the course.
supernatural priest defrocked destroy plot demon involve mission||the supernatural plot involved a defrocked priest's mission to destroy demons.
october dalindyebo 2015 12 year membership da sentence prison terminate||in october 2015 dalindyebo was sentenced to 12 years in prison, and his membership of the da was terminated.
company sell 1816 break||in 1816, the company sold her for breaking up.
incarnation tenth studio new dragon australian album zealand band||incarnations is the tenth studio album by new zealand-australian band, dragon.
pia 1890 confraternity opera rename||in 1890 the confraternity was renamed opera pia.
design analyze use level jmag drive utilize actively system electronic simulator link include power circuit||jmag is used actively to analyze designs at a system level that includes drive circuits by utilizing links to power electronic simulators.
series second three two bbc 9 december 2014 episode broadcast brian rock retitle promote life pern||a second series of three episodes was promoted to bbc two and broadcast from 9 december 2014, retitled brian pern: a life in rock.
only stage martha mark star hedman actress film time||this marks the only time stage actress martha hedman starred in a film.
secondary mill college have 1,820 park current approximately student day||in the current day, mill park secondary college has approximately 1,820 students.
contain sarratt hertfordshire sarratt 3.2 hectare biological site scientific interest special bottom||sarratt bottom in sarratt in hertfordshire contains a 3.2 hectare biological site of special scientific interest.
party second list midlands parliament election 2009 west constituency european 12 % vote party one seat share only entitle||he was second on the party list for the west midlands constituency at the 2009 european parliament election, but the party's 12% share of the vote entitled them to only one seat.
appeal commercial highly effect more school college popular band student have high||the over-all effect had a more "commercial" appeal and was highly popular among high school and college band students.
although loud work popper other most paper||most papers work for poppers, although some are louder than others.
end compare equipment be high only usually main unit maybe that distinguish separate detachable though one pair equipment feature loudspeaker main also have unit build||the distinguishing feature compared to high-end equipment is that there is usually only one main unit, with maybe a pair of detachable or separate loudspeakers, though some equipment also has these built into the main unit.
arctiinae bifasciata pseudonaclia subfamily moth||pseudonaclia bifasciata is a moth in the subfamily arctiinae.
find phragmipedium coastal longifolium natively herb surround country ecuador region andean other||phragmipedium longifolium is a herb found natively in the coastal and andean regions of ecuador, among other surrounding countries.
2000 varavaay malayalam film direct harish indian||varavaay is a 2000 indian malayalam film directed by harish.
engine provide google use app free server gain proxy service information access block user||it uses google app engine servers to provide users with a free proxy service to gain access to blocked information.
repeat san shell formula zoom masters beermen similar 1 retain conquest miguel crown conference open pba 4||the san miguel beermen repeated against the formula shell zoom masters in a similar 4-1 conquest and retains the pba open conference crown.
most use biological relate research prevalent chemical science alcohol pharmaceutical cosolvent water use where often less % volume food molecule dissolve extraction frequently hydrophobic 5 formulation screening||their use is most prevalent in chemical and biological research relating to pharmaceuticals and food science, where alcohols are frequently used as cosolvents in water (often less than 5% by volume) to dissolve hydrophobic molecules during extraction, screening, and formulation.
game technologies version long no webfoot publish original available||the original version of the game published by webfoot technologies is no longer available.
actual case map render tile pixel browser||in such a case the actual map tile pixels are rendered by the browser.
asinius gaius gallus son agrippa asinius old 25 marcus brother consul||he was the oldest son of gaius asinius gallus; his brother was marcus asinius agrippa, consul in 25.
own summitmedia other station station six cluster studio share cahaba neighborhood llc southeast far birmingham||the station is owned by summitmedia, llc, along with six other stations in the cluster, and all share studios in the cahaba neighborhood in far southeast birmingham.
know amor radio s.a. sonora format romantic own fm 101||it is owned by radio sonora, s.a. and is known as amor 101 fm with a romantic format.
polar polar movement continental combination drift reality wandering relative||in reality, the relative polar movement can be either polar wandering or continental drift (or a combination of both).
play end revival west sainsbury michael frayn dickie year paul donkeys||paul played dickie sainsbury in the west end revival of michael frayn's donkeys' years.
year nominate books order describe distinguish anonymous||they are described as "nominate" in order to distinguish them from the year books, which are anonymous.
cdp 784 census 2010 population||the population of the cdp was 784 at the 2010 census.
year early since 130 use medieval when calendar anno period era method become prevalent name year denomination europe domini||the denomination 130 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the anno domini calendar era became the prevalent method in europe for naming years.
creek rural municipality silver rural canadian manitoba former municipality rm province||the rural municipality of silver creek is a former rural municipality (rm) in the canadian province of manitoba.
convert people census peasant pay pay tribute||they converted the "tribute-paying peoples" into "census-paying peasants."
dulli release decide song year later three own label infernal recordings||three years later, dulli decided to release the songs on his own label, infernal recordings.
ehrlich complete win petersen go - 2008 re election term november||after completing petersen's term, ehrlich went on to win re-election in november 2008.
mill one three nsw mill harwood sugar condong other mill richmond locate broadwater river tweed river||harwood mill is one of the three sugar mills in nsw with the other mills located at condong on the tweed river and broadwater on the richmond river.
record merrill brown 1995 album tribute||merrill recorded a tribute album to brown in 1995.
retire actress producer film spanish saly||saly is a retired spanish film actress and producer.
mandi also chachyot lok part constituency sabha||chachyot is also part of mandi lok sabha constituency.
rama young brother call forest satrughna found mathura destroy madhu city capital kingdom surasena become later||rama's youngest brother satrughna destroyed the forest called madhu and founded the city of mathura which later became the capital of the surasena kingdom.
english rothwell team as play well represent football aztec school former northampton team youth montsaye town town youth player kettering||he plays for english youth team rothwell aztec, as well as representing the montsaye school football team, and is a former northampton town, and kettering town youth player.
feature unicon new icon i many compare system interface o extension complement core datum icon structure control||compared with icon, many of the new features of unicon are extensions to the i/o and system interface, to complement icon's core control and data structures.
complete continue bible year missionary 1865 work publish lms||the lms missionaries continued the work and the complete bible was published by the year 1865.
intercity chennai chennai run express tamil nadu capital second train state state coimbatore city coimbatore large||chennai coimbatore intercity express is a train that runs between chennai, the state capital of tamil nadu and coimbatore, the second largest city of the state.
garibaldi cascade belt canadian arc portion volcanic||it is in the garibaldi volcanic belt, a portion of the canadian cascade arc.
nealcidion beetle griseum cerambycidae species family||nealcidion griseum is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
knoll holly county new castle community states delaware unincorporated united||holly knoll is an unincorporated community in new castle county, delaware, united states.
tv channel digital wbph vhf 9 religious television channel virtual philadelphia serve station states pennsylvania 60 bethlehem united independent license||wbph-tv, virtual channel 60 (vhf digital channel 9), is a religious independent television station serving philadelphia, pennsylvania, united states that is licensed to bethlehem.
1954 league play evangeline team||the team played in 1954 in the evangeline league.
defeat 2007 vikings 20 north rebels claim first championship ever 13 sport school state duplin||in 2007 the vikings defeated the north duplin rebels 20-13 to claim their first ever state championship for the school in any sport.
school colony school secondary high bank bangladesh bangladesh chittagong||bangladesh bank colony high school is a secondary school in chittagong, bangladesh.
resistance documentary sister tell maia four young wechsler frenchwomen fight german story occupation world france 2000 ii war||sisters in resistance is a 2000 documentary by maia wechsler that tells the story of four young frenchwomen who fought against the german occupation of france during world war ii.
house italian editore rome fanucci base publishing italy july renato fanucci 1971 found||fanucci editore is an italian publishing house, based in rome, italy, founded in july 1971, by renato fanucci.
1984 harness tracks 1982 vote driver year america award||in 1982 and 1984 he was voted the harness tracks of america driver of the year award.
obligation contractual record label fulfill album release||the album was released to fulfill a contractual obligation with his record label.
hall locate 1703 houston boulevard states heights 1927 build first texas sanctuary christian permanent lambert lead united w. heights lambert clark name hall pastor church||lambert hall, located at 1703 heights boulevard, houston, texas, united states, was built in 1927 as the first permanent sanctuary for heights christian church, led by pastor clark w. lambert, for whom the hall is named.
medical jude 1976 1977 list company fortune year public found 2010 go 500 since||jude medical was founded in 1976 and went public in 1977, and the company has been listed in the fortune 500 every year since 2010.
david fashion documentary project photographer film photographic scar woman series jay various young portrait other cancer hormonal breast cancer stage||all is a documentary film about fashion photographer david jay and the scar project, a series of photographic portraits of young women in various stages of breast cancer and other hormonal cancers.
include pattern radio credit 2008 painful bbc 3 daphnis chloe radio adaptation bbc adventures cottage 2006 radio 4 radio 4 philomel 2002 time radio 2009 3 machine||his credits include the pattern of painful adventures (bbc radio 3, 2008) and radio adaptations of daphnis and chloe (bbc radio 4, 2006), philomel cottage (radio 4, 2002) and the time machine (radio 3, 2009).
1993 historic save fire brick december addition choir attach destroy sanctuary wood sanctuary room frame building||in december 1993, the historic sanctuary was saved from a fire which destroyed a brick choir room addition attached to the wood frame sanctuary building.
lipid bi cubosome - form three temperature twist surface layer minimal form control dimension bicontinuous structure domain pack water lipid tightly||cubosomes are formed at controlled temperatures into lipid bi-layer twisted into three dimension with minimal surface forming a tightly packed structure with bicontinuous domains of water and lipid.
form private clinic partnership carilion medical school research locate institute roanoke public virginia||it was formed as a public-private partnership with the carilion clinic, with the medical school and the research institute located in roanoke, virginia.
rpa12 encode znrd1 that enzyme gene human||rpa12 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the znrd1 gene.
beetle species subfamily pterostichinae ground seineri abacetus||abacetus seineri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily pterostichinae.
narrate daksha purana son story brahma base daughter sathi skanda||based on the skanda purana, it narrates the story of daksha, son of brahma, and his daughter sathi.
hemicellulose material so polished carve ivory hard endosperm white||the endosperm is a white hemicellulose material that is so hard it can be polished and carved like ivory.
march convert 77th parachute 1945 indian division brigade airborne assign 44th||in march 1945, it was converted into the 77th indian parachute brigade and assigned to the 44th airborne division.
fluid cleaning 1933 dry laundry introduce||it was introduced as a dry cleaning fluid for laundry in 1933.
2016 dark country horror fantasy matt lovecraft novel horror h. fiction explore p. ruff conjunction era lovecraft jim united states law black crow science as experience fiction family turner racism fan atticus||lovecraft country is a 2016 dark fantasy horror novel by matt ruff, exploring the conjunction between the horror fiction of h. p. lovecraft and racism in the united states during the era of jim crow laws, as experienced by black science-fiction fan atticus turner and his family.
common astele subcarinate name top shell sea snail mollusk gastropod family subcarinata calliostomatidae species marine||astele subcarinata, common name the subcarinate top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family calliostomatidae.
focus lie instinct original veblen thorstein side technology dichotomy society ceremonial one orient other sphere||its original focus lay in thorstein veblen's instinct-oriented dichotomy between technology on the one side and the "ceremonial" sphere of society on the other.
see kurt baberg||see kurt baberg.
election presidential candidate support one barack 2008 advise student harvard school former law obama||in the 2008 presidential election, he supported and advised candidate barack obama, one of his former students at harvard law school.
also benefit ride cancer ride harley breast||he also has ridden his harley in breast cancer benefit rides.
national curriculum usually assessment carry assessment school statutory refer colloquially england primary sats know||national curriculum assessment usually refers to the statutory assessments carried out in primary schools in england, colloquially known as sats.
spend next lap then lead 48 lap field 60 pull recover away take||he then spent the next 48 laps recovering through the field, taking the lead on lap 60, and pulled away.
zoroastrian area mine operate wycheproof include excelsior||some of the mines that were operating in the area included zoroastrian, excelsior and wycheproof.
portsmuth 27 estonia 1980 november tallinn conductor veronika singer estonian||veronika portsmuth (27 november 1980 in tallinn, estonia) is an estonian conductor and singer.
mark lennie season introduction paul jerry orbach briscoe prince darkness sorvino replace||this season marked the introduction of jerry orbach as lennie briscoe, who replaced paul sorvino after "prince of darkness."
play chicago spurs cougars ottawa denver civics oilers nordiques edmonton quebec||he played with the chicago cougars, denver spurs, ottawa civics, edmonton oilers, and quebec nordiques.
play prishtina win sigal where kosovo 4x superleague cup time kosovo kosovo 1x most supercup time balkan league one 2x||most of the times he played for sigal prishtina where he won 4x kosovo superleague, 2x kosovo cup, 1x kosovo supercup and one time balkan league.
play chicago spurs cougars ottawa denver civics oilers nordiques edmonton quebec||he played with the chicago cougars, denver spurs, ottawa civics, edmonton oilers, and quebec nordiques.
work people date young thousand 30,000 directly mlms indirectly more||to date, mlms has worked with over 30,000 young people directly and thousands more indirectly.
again see present namsandong relocate hyanggyo downtown 1932 location just south daegu||1932 saw the hyanggyo again relocated to its present location in namsandong, just south of downtown daegu.
species scripta cranefly tipula||tipula scripta is a species of cranefly.
surround train area crowland use passenger peterborough spalding railway station station railway||train passengers from crowland and the surrounding area must use either spalding railway station or peterborough railway station.
album morten abel pop 1999 norwegian artist||and i is a 1999 album by norwegian pop artist morten abel.
visit marquis de grand tour house lafayette||the house was visited by the marquis de lafayette during his grand tour.
house today restaurant privately building bar own||today the building is privately owned and houses a bar and restaurant.
two find central america specie mexico united consist small states southern||it consists of two small species found in central america, mexico and the southern united states.
steamer no . 1 briarcliff 1902 messinger c. found company frederick||the briarcliff steamer company no. 1 was founded in 1902 by frederick c. messinger.
hoglund know leak email u.s. 2011 community government work rootkit intelligence well material exploit development||due to an email leak in 2011, hoglund is well known to have worked for the u.s. government and intelligence community in the development of rootkits and exploit material.
supervillain expose connection pose businessman include urich green kingpin goblin use||urich has used these connections to expose supervillains posing as businessmen including kingpin and green goblin.
2015 antonia||this is antonia (2015).
1986 english graduate history university degree virginia||he graduated from the university of virginia in 1986 with degrees in english and history.
incidental lose write play tobias possibly song include handel collaborator frequent lyric thomas rehearse music morell smollett theater never covent perform garden||it was written as incidental music to a lost play by tobias smollett and possibly included song lyrics by handel's frequent collaborator thomas morell, which was rehearsed at covent garden theater but never performed.
5 2010 march switch wscp coincide radio station wsgo sister espn radio wtla deportes switching espn||on march 5, 2010, wscp switched to espn deportes radio, coinciding with sister stations wtla and wsgo switching to espn radio.
1974 jason former della international executive bear developers rocca igda association rocca director game outreach daily operation initiative membership supervise september march 2000 program 2009 organization della||jason della rocca (born 1974) is the former executive director of the international game developers association (igda): della rocca supervised the daily operations, outreach initiatives, and membership programs of the organization from september 2000 to march 2009.
pistol dueling match type pair pistol use duel manufacture duel customary when||a dueling pistol is a type of pistol that was manufactured in matching pairs to be used in a duel, when duels were customary.
protein myosin filament thick form actin thin form two important filament||two of the important proteins are myosin, which forms the thick filament, and actin, which forms the thin filament.
format vhs schmidt release dvd||about schmidt was released on dvd and vhs formats.
when also apply term line right separate rail way reserve cross road fashion same track light||the term also applies when a light rail line with separate right-of-way or reserved track crosses a road in the same fashion.
property contributing also shed||also on the property is a contributing shed.
lap bass steel guitar guitar banjo drums harmonica key play bloom||bloom plays guitar, bass, lap steel guitar, keys, drums, banjo, and harmonica.
thurman interpret jesus oppress nonviolent response discuss teaching experience oppression book||in the book, thurman interprets the teachings of jesus through the experience of the oppressed and discusses nonviolent responses to oppression.
hendrick mixed art event lawler ii 6 martial 2014 december bay hold center nevada vegas mandalay events las||hendricks vs. lawler ii was a mixed martial arts event held on december 6, 2014, at mandalay bay events center in las vegas, nevada.
album three worldwide date sell million copy||to date, the album has sold over three million copies worldwide.
laura find create fame wheeler portrait prominent waring african renaissance artist add americans harlem 1997||artist laura wheeler waring, who found fame by creating portraits of prominent african americans during the harlem renaissance, was added in 1997.
sell 1990 form kit reflex fiberglass south works design walterboro aircraft carolina||in the 1990s the aircraft design was sold in kit form by reflex fiberglass works of walterboro, south carolina.
greatly vary response free religion standard thus number argument paradox will free will appeal that response free omniscience claim incompatible are||religions vary greatly in their response to the standard argument against free will and thus might appeal to any number of responses to the paradox of free will, the claim that omniscience and free will are incompatible.
china specifically native region close include xizang other bangladesh bhutan proximity||it is native to china, specifically xizang, and other regions in close proximity, including bangladesh and bhutan.
olympian occ former confederation head current uci oceanian current gaudry vice president tracey holder ticket one cycling number||former olympian and current head of the occ oceanian cycling confederation and current uci vice president tracey gaudry is the number one ticket holder.
year several experience decline club move close 2015 door death l.c. thurman attendance||several years after moving, the club experienced declining attendance and it closed its doors in 2015, after the death of l.c. thurman.
see specie hypothetical below additional 33||an additional 33 species are hypothetical (see below).
16.5 million government mall st pump city long fate facility doubt 2014 remain vincent term||in 2014, the city government pumped $16.5 million into mall st vincent, but the long-term fate of the facility remains in doubt.
effective single finger typically only top right side seam ball rest hand bowl||it can be effective to only bowl this ball with a single finger on top and it typically rests to the right hand side of the seam.
draft development 2010 maine league draft red prior cut season nba claws||he was drafted in the 2010 nba development league draft by the maine red claws but cut prior to the season.
seek integrate use eagle modeling include analysis test ground simulation process obtain flight test digital need verify store accuracy update compatibility flight datum aircraft program order ofps to generate operational technical||the seek eagle process includes the integrated use of digital modeling, simulation, and analysis; ground tests; and flight tests to obtain/generate the data needed to verify aircraft-store compatibility accuracy of and update operational flight programs (ofps) and technical orders (tos).
member pomonella codling tortricidae family cydia lepidopteran moth||the codling moth (cydia pomonella) is a member of the lepidopteran family tortricidae.
london regent regent park station park westminster underground marylebone city||regent's park is a london underground station by regent's park in marylebone, city of westminster.
indian also heavily food cultural choice hindu tradition influence particular religion||indian food is also heavily influenced by religion, in particular hindu, and cultural choices and traditions.
most radio gsn recently husband goen host bob||she most recently hosted gsn radio with husband bob goen.
1940 renewal 99th grand grand horse famous national world national aintree race place racecourse liverpool take april 1940 england 5||1940 grand national was the 99th renewal of the world-famous grand national horse race that took place at aintree racecourse near liverpool, england, on 5 april 1940.
pray paramantis specie genus prasina paramantis mantis||paramantis prasina is a praying mantis species in the genus paramantis.
16 amanda tepe actress october bear american 1977||amanda tepe (born october 16, 1977) is an american actress.
status raise 2004 municipality village||the village was raised to municipality status in 2004.
song lead press debut create inverted group album positive buzz world||the buzz created by the song led to positive press for the group's debut album, oh, inverted world.
census take pontesbury population as find 2011||the population as taken at the 2011 census can be found under pontesbury.
ranges australia raise darling five western age||he was raised in the darling ranges of western australia from the age of five.
card greet card memoriam memory event certain commemoration print holy such sacrament first holy latin communion reception order marriage||an in memoriam (latin for in memory of) card is greeting card that is printed as a commemoration for certain events such as the sacrament of first holy communion, marriage, and the reception of holy orders.
program 2006 early end daml||the daml program ended in early 2006.
third charismatic wave also movement movement evangelical hypercharismatic christianity protestant charismatic place use gift emphasis spiritual neo prophecy glossolalia such revelation healing charismata divine give divine holy spirit believe||the neo-charismatic (also third-wave charismatic or hypercharismatic) movement is a movement within evangelical protestant christianity which places emphasis on the use of charismata (or spiritual gifts) such as glossolalia, prophecy, divine healing, and divine revelation, which are believed to be given to them by the holy spirit.
innermost kepler-186b life suitable planet thus system||kepler-186b is the innermost planet of its system, and thus not suitable for life.
large locate sierra leone magazine one east court neighborhood mosque end freetown||it is one of the largest mosque in sierra leone and is located in the neighborhood of magazine court in the east end of freetown.
town terminal civic scarborough adjacent center center scarborough||the terminal is adjacent to the scarborough town center and scarborough civic center.
many own power however capable operation||however, many are capable of operation under their own power.
effect last month six long about||the effect lasts for about six months or longer.
junhui ding match only delight win home tense title take crowd defeat final decider selby mark player frame||ding junhui, the only player to have won all his matches, delighted his home crowd by taking the title with a tense final frame decider defeat of mark selby.
l.a. greeting album well sell other most good seller at 2 us see least first probably different postcard+dark label have second pressing removable perforation postcard+on tree style palm substantial green twin airplay get label cities wb fm kqrs sell station well record very st. minneapolis shop independent minneapolis||like most of his other albums, greetings from l.a. did not sell well, this is probably his best seller (seeing at least 2 different us pressings, the first with removable postcard+dark green label, the second had no perforations for the postcard+on the palm tree style wb label), getting substantial airplay in the twin cities on the minneapolis fm station kqrs and sold very well at the independent record shops in minneapolis-st.
put own sometimes urocteidae family||it is sometimes put into its own family, urocteidae.
endemic where hawaii island kauai be single occurrence know||it is endemic to hawaii, where there is a single occurrence known on the island of kauai.
warren december 24 gary 1978 tredrea former australian port bear rules club footballer football adelaide afl australian league football weekday current adelaide sports news nine presenter||warren gary tredrea (born 24 december 1978) is a former australian rules footballer with the port adelaide football club in the australian football league (afl) and current weekday sports presenter on nine news adelaide.
2003 short story metacorder describe tristan same name theoretical parker device||the metacorder is a theoretical device described in the 2003 short story of the same name by tristan parker.
debut make class womack first moss 1844 cricket manchester manchester yorkshire lane||womack made his debut in first-class cricket for yorkshire against manchester in 1844 at moss lane, manchester.
teach zendo ordinary york mind city new||he teaches at the ordinary mind zendo in new york city.
elongate cylindrical distinctive humped wingless more tiny thorax close cover less insect fit scale||these insects are wingless, elongated and more or less cylindrical with a distinctive humped thorax and covered with tiny, close-fitting scales.
point alternative 1 debut album chevelle may metal 4 band american 1999 release||point #1 is the debut album of american alternative metal band chevelle, released may 4, 1999.
singe thrush distance||a thrush is singing in the distance.
genus sea gastropod marine small snail planaxidae planaxis family mollusk||planaxis is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family planaxidae.
rosetta develop service localisation foundation orient localisation language solas solution solution volunteer social translator profit architecture translation organization distribution localisation demand contribute content community drive world generate||the rosetta foundation develops the service-oriented localisation architecture solution (solas), a language localisation solution for volunteer translators and not-for-profit organizations in social localisation to contribute to the translation and distribution of demand-driven, community-generated content around the world.
village census accord have 764 people 2002 population||according to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 764 people.
support album tour form decide go joe band guitar when rhythm keyboard pessia back touring vocal philip kevin ferlazzo figueiredo bynoe steve drum bass||when he decided to go on tour to support the album, he formed a touring band with joe pessia on rhythm guitar, steve ferlazzo on keyboards and back-up vocals, philip bynoe on bass and kevin figueiredo on drums.
also call laughter coordinate heal laughter workshop laughter sacred||she also has coordinated healing workshops through laughter called "the laughter of being" and "the sacred laughter".
2001 settlement 321 census accord national population||according to national census of 2001, population of the settlement is 321.
large area itu'ti'u district population||itu'ti'u is the largest district by area and by population.
united think bar gay states old||it was thought to be the oldest gay bar in the united states.
church 1845 build replacement smirke present sydney church 1627 previous design build||the present church was built in 1845 to a design by sydney smirke, as a replacement for a previous church which was built in 1627.
single group skull bones release fifth song album||the song was released as a single from the group's fifth album, skull & bones.
leave loniceroide plant suggest suckle similar lonicera honey||and loniceroides suggests the leaves are similar to the honey-suckle plant, lonicera.
2012 11 ware bears august waive||on august 11, 2012, ware was waived by the bears.
variety tree contain also label garden collection beech shrub dwarf european as woody well rhododendron conifer holly tower fine view glacier lake observation||the gardens also contain a variety of labeled trees and woody shrubs, with collections of european beech, dwarf conifers, hollies, and rhododendrons, as well as an observation tower with a fine view of lake glacier.
wheelchair team represent great britain national britain rugby great wheelchair rugby international||the great britain national wheelchair rugby team represents great britain in international wheelchair rugby.
democrats island one political party edward island prince major three new||the island new democrats are one of the three major political parties in prince edward island.
although be member house 1901 75 only 65 contest representatives state as division australia consist tasmania south member division be multi 5 7 single member - respectively elect||although there were 75 members in the house of representatives in 1901, there were only 65 divisions contested as the states of south australia and tasmania consisted of single multi-member divisions electing 7 and 5 members respectively.
fit boiler works new lodge receive entirely material original apart mid compose unique victorian make locomotive boston -||it has received a new boiler fitted at boston lodge works but apart from that is composed of entirely original material, making it unique among mid-victorian locomotives.
mean dotterbloem marigold mean dutch bloem dotter so den derive dotterbloem word flower marsh||marsh marigold means dotterbloem (bloem meaning flower) in dutch and so den dotter is derived from the word dotterbloem.
also contribution ympn local international as ngos well recognize other senator ramon magsaysay grp statesman senior||the ympn has also been recognized for their contributions by other local and international ngos, as well as senior statesmen of the grp, like senator ramon magsaysay.
branch ste stream pin hook||pin hook branch is a stream in ste.
population census 2010 305 city||as of the 2010 census, the city population was 305.
milestone technical particularly attribute programmer white meeuwissen often invention judges bart distance line fld use series twice technique think flexible demos||a technical milestone often attributed to the judges, particularly the programmer bart "white" meeuwissen, is the invention of the fld (flexible line distance) technique, which was used in the think twice series of demos.
seal discontinue program||the seal program has been discontinued.
refer hook two telephony possible receiver state hook||in telephony, on-hook and off-hook refer to the two possible states of a receiver.
2005 alex victory two afleet american races classic rose preakness stakes guide belmont||in 2005, rose guided afleet alex, to victory in two american classic races, the preakness and belmont stakes.
estanguet bear 19 french patrice canoeist slalom 1973 compete april 2004 1990 pau level international||patrice estanguet (born 19 april 1973 in pau) is a french slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1990 to 2004.
originally french language publish 1974 title translate english then 1977 ombres chinoise||it was originally published in the french language in 1974 under the title ombres chinoises, and was then translated into english in 1977.
salegudem pradesh district village india andhra rangareddy||salegudem is a village in rangareddy district in andhra pradesh, india.
2010 warner group music nashville reprise august release 10 label||it was released on august 10, 2010, via warner music group nashville, under its reprise label.
australia find tradition similar||a similar tradition is found in australia.
start popular 1955 museum davy peak legacy crockett 1958 when craze open||the museum was started in 1955, when a popular craze over the legacy of davy crockett was at its peak, and opened in 1958.
milo long no milo have academy days have mailing post creek address office as||as milo no longer has a post office, milo academy has a days creek mailing address.
ho 25 y c horse may bear racing 1990 jockey vincent||vincent c y ho (born 25 may 1990) is a horse racing jockey.
hotel shop have blacksmith large police station several||it had a large hotel and several shops, a police station and a blacksmiths.
spawn reach four album single top billboard five 100 hot number one eight single peak two||the album spawned eight singles, four of which reached the top five of the billboard hot 100, with two singles peaking at number one.
metro wallsend public britain station signage facility only latin have||wallsend metro station is the only public facility in britain which has signage in latin.
show publish nitric oxide emission result after us vw 35 much standard work exceed vw as time further uncover defeat device||after the results were published, which showed vw nitric oxide emissions were exceeding us standards by as much as 35 times, further work uncovered a vw defeat device.
1997 team establish||the team was established in 1997.
author donovan outspoken supporter wolves as kevin jack defunct deanna youth civilization western now founder||author jack donovan is an outspoken supporter of the wolves, as is kevin deanna, the founder of the now defunct youth for western civilization.
contain story library 12 punctuate reflection recent importance library history text online covent spate garden closure long last just spot narrator library trap wheelchair user carriage no railway siding etymological day come park aside rescue after various||it contains 12 stories punctuated by reflections on libraries, "about their history, their importance and the recent spate of closures" library (online text) just off covent garden, which is no longer a library "last" - the narrator spots a wheelchair-user trapped in a railway carriage after it has been parked in the sidings for the day and with various etymological asides, comes to her rescue.
member politician ram indian mansa national indian congress||mansa ram is an indian politician and member of the indian national congress.
serial death fifth season tenth british television science series first green doctor broadcast weekly final six bbc1 fiction june 1973 may 19 part 23||the green death is the fifth and final serial of the tenth season of the british science fiction television series doctor who, which was first broadcast in six weekly parts on bbc1 from 19 may to 23 june 1973.
village municipality saxony district germany wittenberg anhalt former korgau||korgau is a village and a former municipality in wittenberg district in saxony-anhalt, germany.
will term hopwood avery prominent 1905 american michigan member class university fifth dramatist hopwood regents mr. university one estate creative work writing give encouragement||under the terms of the will of avery hopwood, a prominent american dramatist and member of the class of 1905 of the university of michigan, one-fifth of mr. hopwood's estate was given to the regents of the university for the encouragement of creative work in writing.
year three first match match play adelaide four round omit||she played the first three matches of the year before being omitted for the round four match against adelaide.
kingston evening album folk trio music american group kingston trio 1962 live record release music 1994 see 1994||an evening with the kingston trio is a live album by the american folk music group the kingston trio, recorded in 1962 and released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
friendship international know airport baltimore airport previously 1973 airport washington thurgood international airport marshall then rename 1 october 2005 bwi||previously known as friendship international airport, the airport was renamed baltimore/washington international airport in 1973, then bwi thurgood marshall airport on october 1, 2005.
ep play dj extended australian marcus work faker chet marr musician english||work is an extended play (ep) by english dj marcus marr and australian musician chet faker.
illustrative painting work image rod landscape pin erickson theme hot culture military genre often||erickson's paintings and illustrative works are often images of landscapes, hot rod culture, pin up, and military themes and genres.
vary widely use regosols management land||land use and management of regosols vary widely.
stanton cemetery family locate diana mills buckingham cemetery virginia county historic||stanton family cemetery is a historic cemetery located at diana mills, buckingham county, virginia.
first show prime premiere time film1 film||films are first shown on prime time on film1 premiere.
full side time appear national only||it was his only time to appear for the full national side.
title stacey track spider pogue appear||another pogue, spider stacey, appears on the title track.
true give supposedly thing come divinity world answer creation also prelacy dignity friend present favor confer foe past||he supposedly gives true answers of things past, present and to come, divinity, and the creation of the world; he also confers dignities and prelacies, and the favor of friends and foes.
high school school grade public creekside high serve twelve nine||creekside high school is a public high school serving grades nine through twelve.
also arizona macklin st. washington louis member redskins rams kansas city chiefs cardinals||macklin has also been a member of the arizona cardinals, washington redskins, st. louis rams and kansas city chiefs.
meloy server replace christopher||server replaced christopher meloy.
baron bristol clifton peerage city kingdom milverton united lagos title||baron milverton, of lagos and of clifton in the city of bristol, is a title in the peerage of the united kingdom.
national championship team ncaa series title time appear 1963 1959 eight 1980 1986 2012 2016 1956 1976||the team has appeared in the ncaa national championship title series eight times (1956, 1959, 1963, 1976, 1980, 1986, 2012, and 2016).
protein cystatin closely relate include||closely related proteins include cystatin.
yuexiu district city shishu province guangdong guangzhou china southern subdistrict||shishu is a subdistrict of the yuexiu district in guangzhou city, guangdong province, southern china.
division soviet 3rd army division rifle infantry||the 3rd rifle division was an infantry division of the soviet army.
mallappally nearby as town such cater well village keezhvaipur padimon population||it caters to the population of both mallappally as well as nearby towns and villages such as keezhvaipur and padimon.
night wednesday fox sports greg rod martin broadcast host kafer||it is broadcast on fox sports on wednesday nights and is hosted by greg martin and rod kafer.
bear september 10 aparecido know naldo commonly rodrigues 1982 ronaldo footballer german play brazilian schalke 04||ronaldo aparecido rodrigues (born 10 september 1982), commonly known as naldo, is a brazilian-german footballer who plays for schalke 04.
gillett retire dave defender football spend north soccer career most league scottish american||dave gillett is a scottish retired football defender who spent most of his career in the north american soccer league.
release young second album own bleed||own is the second album released by young bleed.
enter billboard chart number cake 73 200 album sell week first 7,000 chocolate copy release||no chocolate cake entered the billboard 200 album chart at number 73 after selling 7,000 copies in its first week of release.
happen event follow list republic moldova 2016||the following lists events that happened during 2016 in the republic of moldova.
see video music accompany carey share limousine recount encounter night rainy||in the accompanying music video, carey is seen in a limousine recounting an encounter she shared on a rainy night.
however membership begin women fall 1894 soon refounde report condition investigate woman focus council industrial work||however, its membership soon began to fall, so it was refounded as the "women's industrial council" in 1894, with a focus on investigating and reporting on the conditions under which women worked.
part zone welega gudru horo guduru jimma jimma south rare southwest border horo finicha'a chomen lake abay river north abay region west amhara east guder separate northwest zone shewa mirab separate river||part of the horo gudru welega zone, guduru is bordered on the south by jimma rare, on the southwest by jimma horo, on the west by lake finicha'a, on the northwest by abay chomen, on the north by the abay river which separates it from the amhara region, and on the east by the guder river which separates it from the mirab shewa zone.
31 2014 begin vancouver columbia conclude british tour 15 thunder march bay ontario may||the tour began on march 31, 2014, in vancouver, british columbia, and concluded on may 15 in thunder bay, ontario.
upon united treasury request album states secretary generally prepare cabinet present member congress visit dignitary member diplomat select||prepared upon request of the united states secretary of the treasury, albums were generally presented to cabinet members, select members of congress, diplomats, and visiting dignitaries.
kyle found 2008 peter simmons schmidt piano synth vocal tiger keytar gale speakeasy bass lauren||speakeasy tiger was founded in 2008 by kyle simmons (vocals), peter schmidt (piano, synth, keytar) and lauren gale (bass).
release 2017 8 september first song brother official signature lamelo young ball big ball ball 1 mb1 baller shoe brand melo||released on september 8, 2017, it is ball's first official song and is about his younger brother lamelo ball and his signature big baller brand shoe, the melo ball 1 (mb1).
own operate originally play station ac music planet hot locally||originally the planet was a locally owned and operated station playing hot ac music.
lake forest currently illinois reside||he currently resides in lake forest, illinois.
small plant astroloba genus restrict astroloba herrei south succulent area africa mountain swartberg||astroloba herrei is a small succulent plant of the astroloba genus, restricted to the area around the swartberg mountains, south africa.
eftel computer online network egn host service network game eftel games internet provider||egn (eftel games network) was the online computer games network hosted by the internet service provider, eftel.
include storyline close hold hostage ward psychiatric admit other||other storylines include holding those closest to him as hostages and being admitted to a psychiatric ward.
jaidev have jan lyric akhtar music remember sachdev film padma melody nisar lata ye include dil mangeshkar aur unki nigaaho classic write ke nisar akhtar chhota ghardwaar sa write mera sachdev padma saaye jan poetess||the film has music by jaidev with lyrics by jan nisar akhtar and padma sachdev, and is remembered for its melodies, including lata mangeshkar classic "ye dil aur unki, nigaaho ke saaye", written by jan nisar akhtar and " mera chhota sa ghardwaar" written by the poetess padma sachdev.
four forbes have india manufacture kasarwadi locate hyderabad chakan unit marshall pimpri pune||forbes marshall has four manufacturing units in india which are located at kasarwadi, pimpri, hyderabad and chakan near pune.
early-2000s urban publisher entertainment hot know late-1990s founder 104.com well starz director music black czar block hollywood website||he is best known as the publisher of the late-1990s, early-2000s urban entertainment website hot 104.com, the founder of block starz music and the director of the czar of black hollywood.
season 1997 delist||he was delisted after the 1997 season.
local voter mayor elect mayor elective congressman councilor two city district post legislative san vice juan six||the voters elected for the elective local posts in the city: the mayor, vice mayor, the congressman, and the councilors, six of them in the two legislative districts of san juan.
album rick sideman first release derringer||this was the first album released with rick derringer as a sideman.
serve general also director pakistan industrial karachi council scientific position assume 2010 laboratories 2004 research since||he has also served as the director general of pakistan council of scientific and industrial research karachi laboratories, he has assumed this position since 2004 to 2010.
use count density variety number number measure liter domain||count (or number) per liter is used to measure number density in a variety of domains.
most series important tournament sharm sheik el egypt hold world open||the most important tournament in the series is the world open held in sharm el-sheik in egypt.
host ruminant natural serve||ruminants serve as natural hosts.
village region rayu autonomous china tibet||rayu is a village in the tibet autonomous region of china.
end active 2011||it was active through the end of 2011.
lavie abstract work cross expressionism graffiti||lavie's work is a cross between graffiti and abstract expressionism.
legislature announce 2016 becker retirement||in 2016, becker announced his retirement from the legislature.
paper publish epidemiology famous ulcer now susser peptic||with susser, she published a now famous paper on the epidemiology of peptic ulcer.
flower inflorescence several small hold||the small inflorescence holds several flowers.
jungle like always show scenery plant always hut broadcast feature thursday jeep evening||the show always features jungle-like scenery with a jeep, plants and huts, and has been always broadcast at the evening of each thursday.
extant few one very structure 1905 world fair associate||it is one of the very few extant structures associated with the 1905 world's fair.
university university nevada duke sharkey attend||sharkey attended duke university and the university of nevada.
annual association african competition cup 2010 football super north launch||the north african super cup is an annual association football competition which was launched in 2010.
literature musician illustrator collect child writer painter also sculptor||he is also a writer of children's literature, a musician, sculptor, illustrator and collected painter.
create 1689 intendancy brittany intendancy louis attempt so 2 1636 xiv 1647||the intendancy of brittany was an intendancy created in 1689 by louis xiv, after 2 attempts to do so in 1636 and 1647.
kyoto-3rd seat hold 24 election april representatives by japanese coincide 2016 hokkaido election house||a by-election for the kyoto-3rd seat in the japanese house of representatives was held on 24 april 2016, coinciding with the by-election in hokkaido.
national public radio explain way design system alert public interview||he explains in an interview with national public radio, the way in which the system is designed to alert the public.
blood game new york feud board||blood feud in new york is a board game.
final thompson first class match hampshire come again university oxford 1954 once second||thompson's second and final first-class match for hampshire came in 1954, once again against oxford university.
ceo creator bitcoin instant exchange also operate shapeshift.io beorn alia altcoin involvement found gonthier reveal seed funding true march announcement part 2015 company||he is also the creator and ceo of the instant bitcoin and altcoin exchange shapeshift.io, having founded and operated it under the alias beorn gonthier, until revealing his true involvement with the company, as part of a seed funding announcement, in march 2015.
time play country tournament venue different first countrie participate host||for the first time, the tournament wasn't played in a host country, but in different venues in each countrie participating.
corridor golden corridor i-55 i-90 illinois lakeshore corridor research addition technology industrial economic principal center suburban corridor chicago one||in addition to the i-90 golden corridor, the i-94 lakeshore corridor, and the i-55 industrial corridor, the illinois technology and research corridor is one of the principal economic centers in suburban chicago.
peak number album 62 country albums chart top billboard||the album peaked at number 62 on the billboard top country albums chart.
fish enteromius species endemic cyprinid okae congo republic||enteromius okae is a species of cyprinid fish that is endemic to the congo republic.
thousand fly tour brigade hundred transport million troop combat hour provide air support close reconnaissance aerial battlefield||the brigade has flown hundreds of thousands of hours during these combat tours, transporting millions of troops around the battlefield and providing close air support/aerial reconnaissance.
locate county ogle township illinois rockvale||rockvale township is located in ogle county, illinois.
deep habitat local coastal prairie sandy soil||the local habitat is coastal prairie on deep, sandy soils.
investigation shooting bureau georgia investigate||the shooting is being investigated by the georgia bureau of investigation.
appointment include austria previous role portugal diplomatic zealand yugoslavia appointment deputy jordan new anguilla governor bermuda nigeria||his previous roles have included diplomatic appointments in austria, nigeria, portugal, jordan, yugoslavia, and new zealand, and appointments as deputy governor in anguilla and bermuda.
television warner bros. series television enterprises nelvana company produce regency canadian bros. studios warner||this television series was produced by warner bros. television, regency enterprises and the canadian company nelvana for warner bros. studios.
i hms ilex class one destroyer royal nine destroyer build 1930s navy||hms ilex was one of nine i-class destroyers destroyer built for the royal navy during the 1930s.
release may jam 2015 recordings 22 def forever||forever was released on 22 may 2015 by def jam recordings.
single release album only down fall||"falling down" was the only single released from the album.
film o'neil sally brat role lead remade 1931||it was remade as the 1931 film the brat with sally o'neil in the lead role.
cagayanensis species dipterocarpaceae plant family hopea||hopea cagayanensis is a species of plant in the dipterocarpaceae family.
beirut lebanon tournament 22 may 29 1999 hold||the tournament was held in beirut, lebanon between may 22 to 29, 1999.
long game game nine history llws championship inning||the nine inning game is the longest championship game in llws history.
congressional district district obsolete vermont 3rd||vermont's 3rd congressional district is an obsolete district.
ripponden calderdale west yorkshire england||ripponden is in calderdale, west yorkshire, england.
increase school student gradually 2003 number wherein year 521 study 2002 noticeably school||the number of students gradually increased, noticeably during the school year 2002-2003, wherein 521 are studying at the school.
investigate documentary piig austerity 2017 film impose cause union effect country europe european subject especially southern||piigs is a 2017 documentary film which investigates the causes and the effects of austerity imposed by the european union on its subject countries, especially in southern europe.
house territory assembly capital australian body capital territory main 1975 australian representative 1986 elect granting preparation begin self territory when government make||the australian capital territory house of assembly was the main elected representative body of the australian capital territory between 1975 and 1986, when preparations began to be made for the granting of self-government to the territory.
bed go contain lyric celebration reference conquest desire invite love let sexual come lust bed interest lead||"let's go to bed" contains lyrics that reference to a celebration of sexual lust and conquest, leading up to a desire to invite a love interest to come to bed.
drive back owner usually home choose corby london stay northamptonshire||he would usually be driven back to his home in corby, northamptonshire, but his owner had chosen to stay in london.
nymburk village district velenice central nymburk czech region bohemian municipality republic district||velenice (nymburk district) is a village and municipality in nymburk district in the central bohemian region of the czech republic.
owen march 1 1953 major jeffrey league pitcher holly baseball former bear||jeffrey owen holly (born march 1, 1953) is a former major league baseball pitcher.
nicolas bear january french 1986 rower moutton 15||nicolas moutton (born 15 january 1986) is a french rower.
huangarua tributary ruamahanga river river part new system makara zealand river||the makara river is a tributary of the huangarua river, part of the ruamahanga river system in new zealand.
loch islet lomond scotland ancestral home galbraith clan inchgalbraith||inchgalbraith is an islet in loch lomond, scotland, and is the ancestral home of clan galbraith.
most specie descendant apterous belong taxa animal phylogenetic||most animal species belong to and are phylogenetic descendants of apterous taxa.
well as theater interest theatregoe promote protect solt laurence awards olivier tkts member activity ticket london booth theater fortnightly listing print theater website guide annual include end west live official tokens event||as well as protecting the interests of all its member theaters, solt promotes theatregoing through activities including the laurence olivier awards, the tkts ticket booth, the official london theater website and its printed fortnightly listings guide, theater tokens and the annual event west end live.
third change undergo band call name come album release 1988 ruscha 1987 alive||the band underwent a name change for the third album called "ruscha" in 1987 and released come alive in 1988.
viette ethmia forewing small remember pylonotella size 1956||by its forewings it remembers ethmia pylonotella viette, 1956 that is smaller in size.
producer sheila television former nevins american films hbo president documentary||sheila nevins is an american television producer and the former president of hbo documentary films.
myrmeleontidae contain genus around hagenomyia 20 occur tropical eastern australia africa antlion specie asia||hagenomyia is a genus of antlions (myrmeleontidae) containing around 20 species occurring in eastern asia, tropical africa and australia.
east mary mountain austin west sierra mount crest independence california||mount mary austin is a mountain east of the sierra crest and west of independence, california.
geometrid species family geometridae thera laten moth||thera latens is a species of geometrid moth in the family geometridae.
win under-23 bronze world pair genoa championships gold italy rowing coxed medal four world medal 2007 championships rowing germany munich||he won a bronze medal in the pair at the under-23 world rowing championships in genoa, italy and a gold medal in the coxed four at the 2007 world rowing championships in munich, germany.
refined sound version have nearly less 20:28 long as run||this version has a less refined sound and runs nearly twice as long at 20:28.
colonial newspaper john printer postmaster publisher williamsburg mayor usa american holt virginia||john holt was a colonial american newspaper publisher, printer, postmaster, and mayor of williamsburg, virginia, usa.
design twisted main field solve matrix tn limitation late 1980 nematic lcd prevalent effect||it was designed to solve the main limitations of the twisted nematic field effect (tn) matrix lcds which were prevalent in the late 1980s.
municipality herzogenrath hertseroa aachen german district state herzeroa rhine north westphalia ripuarian||herzogenrath (ripuarian: herzeroa or hertseroa) is a municipality in the district of aachen in the german state of north rhine-westphalia.
training studies squadron analysis education states air command force united unit air station force where report directly air texas air randolph headquarters training training program system base command evaluate education||the air education and training command studies and analysis squadron is a unit of the united states air force stationed at randolph air force base, texas, where it reports directly to the headquarters of air education and training command, evaluating training programs and systems.
cajun violinist fiddler electric||he is an electric violinist and cajun fiddler.
mallku evo morales 21 january apu bestow upon tiwanaku official day 2006 president bolivia inauguration title||apu mallku was the title bestowed upon evo morales on 21 january 2006 at tiwanaku, the day before his official inauguration as president of bolivia.
build deposition microstructure layer structural surface substrate etch micromachine||surface micromachining builds microstructures by deposition and etching structural layers over a substrate.
ionic have ionic entrance tetrastyle pilaster||it has an ionic tetrastyle entrance and ionic pilasters.
tympanic describe retraction eardrum membrane lie deeply normal condition part position ear||tympanic membrane retraction describes a condition in which a part of the eardrum lies deeper within the ear than its normal position.
wife cincinnati child currently live two||he currently lives in cincinnati with his wife and two children.
anthology bert compilation scottish folk dazzle stranger musician jansch release august 2000 bert album jansch||dazzling stranger: the bert jansch anthology is a compilation album by scottish folk musician bert jansch released in august 2000.
main art criticism field criticism literary expertise||his main expertise is in the fields of literary criticism and art criticism.
black film white 1964 write larry direct buchanan age||under age is a 1964 black-and-white film written and directed by larry buchanan.
dark play demon free fantasy game mcgee develop spicy hunters video horse company american||demon hunters is a dark fantasy, free-to-play video game that was developed by american mcgee's company spicy horse.
tagore party serve chairman||tagore served as the chairman of the party.
hyslop john 1920 c. bell journalist owner newspaper editor scottish 1833||john hyslop bell (c. 1833-1920) was a scottish journalist, newspaper owner and editor.
lack assistance victim government 2008 funding decrease result most 2009 2009 victim assist||the lack of victim assistance funding by the government in 2008 and most of 2009 may have resulted in a decrease in victims assisted in 2009.
producer dj record base london british owner label uk midland||midland is a british dj, producer and record label owner based in london, uk.
ugandan 35th official season football championship top super football level 2002 league league uganda ugandan||the 2002 ugandan super league was the 35th season of the official ugandan football championship, the top-level football league of uganda.
devon college formerly call england school allhallows article allhallows||this article is about allhallows college in devon, england, formerly called allhallows school.
wepr 85,000 etv watt most radio station erp powerful one||with its 85,000-watt erp, wepr is one of etv radio's most powerful stations.
1959 then cartoon regularly appear nationally angeles los include times london observer playboy syndicate publication new yorker nation esquire||his cartoons became nationally syndicated in 1959 and then appeared regularly in publications including the los angeles times, the london observer, the new yorker, playboy, esquire, and the nation.
champion leinster munster opponent score lose 10 line 6 1 8||the leinster champions lost to their munster opponents on a score line of 6-8 to 1-10.
annually 1979 parioli hold 1993 rome||it was held annually in parioli, rome from 1979 to 1993.
township county extend cdp boundary line coextensive||the boundaries of the cdp and township are coextensive; they do not extend to the county line.
adult cream pale have wing||adults have pale cream wings.
fictional create character melinda young metz book adult series isabel roswell high katims evans 2002 1999 science fiction television roswell series jason adapt american||isabel evans is a fictional character created by melinda metz for the young adults book series roswell high and adapted by jason katims for the 1999-2002 american science fiction television series roswell.
arctiinae subfamily moth eunomia insularis||eunomia insularis is a moth in the subfamily arctiinae.
include share theme city live contemporary live house deal far culture difficult away make decision stop different home move back real hold put home life||contemporary themes include living in a shared house, living in a city far away from home, dealing with different cultures and making the difficult decision to stop putting real life on hold and move back home.
minor sun orbit planet hildrun 928||928 hildrun is a minor planet orbiting the sun.
race race see follow 3 victory first become tom score position chilton focus ford collision turkington driver podium plato follow james plato team nash mate||he followed this up with another victory in race 3, a race that saw tom chilton become the first driver to score a podium position in a ford focus following a collision between plato, turkington and plato's team mate james nash.
name graffito defeat head place bull king - u also find j. marking||the defeated king or place named in the graffito was "bull's head", a marking also found in u-j.
nominate 2008 urban award aria best release||it was nominated for best urban release at the 2008 aria awards.
corporations crown whole columbia oversee secretariat agencies office british agencies crown premier||crown agencies and corporations in british columbia are overseen, as a whole, by the crown agencies secretariat within the office of the premier.
m. current lieutenant eric general smith marine as commander force marine u.s. expeditionary forces corps iii well japan||lieutenant general eric m. smith is the current commander of the iii marine expeditionary force, as well as u.s. marine corps forces japan.
dakshina kannada district mainly reside india udupi mangalore karnataka||they reside mainly in mangalore dakshina kannada and in the udupi district of karnataka, india.
top one choose pick 100 84 2005 editor album amazon.com||this album was chosen as one of amazon.com's top 100 editor's picks of 2005 (#84).
fourth wimbledon 1993 only second right reach appearance england all club hander round||the right-hander reached the fourth round of wimbledon in 1993, in only his second appearance at the all england club.
protocol depend i'm technical peer point direct architecture client peer server transmission message service center retransmit point instant sender communication device message||depending on the i'm protocol, the technical architecture can be peer-to-peer (direct point-to-point transmission) or client-server (an instant message service center retransmits messages from the sender to the communication device).
2 mission viking program mars american part orbiter identical lander 1 viking mission consist viking essentially||the viking 2 mission was part of the american viking program to mars, and consisted of an orbiter and a lander essentially identical to that of the viking 1 mission.
show michael pope host||the show was hosted by michael pope.
bluff form south right gavins dam point abutment today||today the bluff forms the right or south abutment of the gavins point dam.
live action movie theatrical first voice scott game commercial innes video||in the first live-action theatrical movie, video games, and commercials, he was voiced by scott innes.
pustaha compile magician priest write datu batak||the pustaha is written and compiled by a batak magician-priest (datu).
language one plateau tyap speak language west||they speak the tyap language, one of the west plateau languages.
consist jordan eckes band ferri mike chianelli taylor cameron jardine hurley rob||the band consists of taylor jardine, jordan eckes, mike ferri, rob chianelli, and cameron hurley.
software license vendor protect piracy software loss enable manager comply software license user agreement organization end||license managers protect software vendors from losses due to software piracy and enable end-user organizations to comply with software license agreements.
heavyweight compete light division||he competed in the light heavyweight division.
challenge version omit mode nfl quarterback trend continue 96 quarterback club||both these versions omitted the quarterback challenge mode, a trend that would continue with nfl quarterback club 96.
fraser hinder dc aerosmith mix ac album mike||mike fraser (ac/dc, hinder, aerosmith) mixed the album.
international capacity investigation arrest direct figure mexican major drug colombian important organization result||in this capacity he directed international investigations which resulted in the arrest of important figures in major mexican and colombian drug organizations.
call turns direct grisha 1962 french dabat catherine star deneuve film satan||and satan calls the turns is a 1962 french film directed by grisha dabat and starring catherine deneuve.
mexico 2015 census population new 383||the population was 383 as of new mexico's 2015 census.
bethlehem acquire 1917 steel company||the company was acquired by bethlehem steel in 1917.
region p. v. malabar bring news kuttan public head||its malabar region head p. v. kuttan brought the news to the public.
sicilian italian scoglitti fishing village vittoria frazione scugghitti hamlet province sicily southern ragusa municipality||scoglitti (sicilian: scugghitti) is a southern italian fishing village and hamlet (frazione) of vittoria, a municipality in the province of ragusa, sicily.
2014 lincoln city 22 council election may 2014 take lincoln elect city council member england place||the 2014 city of lincoln council election took place on 22 may 2014 to elect members of city of lincoln council in england.
dictators rock form york american new city 1973 punk band||the dictators are an american punk rock band formed in new york city in 1973.
demand video receive 6 january films limited ifc release 2017||it received a limited release and through video on demand on january 6, 2017, by ifc films.
jury award win derana special 2017 film awards motor good bicycle role actress||she won the special jury award for best actress at the derana film awards 2017 for her role in motor bicycle.
sch microchip hub intel employ family low power controller base chipset platform atom||controller hub (sch) is a family of intel microchips employed in chipsets for low-power atom-based platforms.
year three release third later strange album kind studio||three years later, they released their third studio album, some kind of strange.
january 10 bear charles jack former american back 1948 football national football run evans league nfl||jack charles evans (born january 10, 1948) is a former american football running back in the national football league (nfl).
friend most life nichole weaver kelsay||nichole kelsay had been weaver's friend throughout most of his life.
broadcast 84 half first 160 present topic hour different 1995||first broadcast in 1995, 84 half hours have presented over 160 different topics.
song wall movement 2011 street use occupy video feature movement footage associate||in 2011, the song became associated with the occupy wall street movement due to being used on videos featuring footage from the movement.
10 choose top films list following board pictures begin 1929 annually review motion national||the following is a list of the top 10 films chosen annually by the national board of review of motion pictures, beginning in 1929.
rod robin steiger mattson star||it stars rod steiger and robin mattson.
reach 300 nearly begin peak population decline slowly 1920s town||at its peak the town reached a population of nearly 300, but slowly began to decline in the 1920s.
clade archaeplastida propose sar palpitea supergroup relate eukaryote||palpitea is a proposed clade of eukaryotes that are related to archaeplastida and the sar supergroup.
fricata snail sea marine family eulima species mollusk eulimidae gastropod||eulima fricata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family eulimidae.
describe consist - imperfect soil isolate sample 98 un yeast antarctica||it consists of 98 un-described imperfect yeast isolated from soil samples in the antarctica.
school school until american serve apartment 1940.it 1939 african list national public convert historic 1990 register places||the school served as an african-american public school until converted into apartments in 1939-1940.it was listed on the national register of historic places in 1990.
hold match venue europe final stage monte carlo monaco various play||matches were held at various venues across europe with the final stage being played in monte carlo, monaco.
vasudev 3 jaggi september 1957 sadhguru commonly mystic know new bear bestselle indian york yogi author times||jaggi vasudev (born 3 september 1957), commonly known as sadhguru, is an indian yogi, mystic and new york times bestselling author.
december dugas 1989 brooks american professional taylor baseball 15 coach assistant state university northwestern baseball bear outfielder||taylor brooks dugas (born december 15, 1989) is an american professional baseball outfielder and assistant baseball coach at northwestern state university.
begin farmer tomato feed prefer grow hay corn||farmers have begun to prefer growing hay, tomatoes, and feed-corn.
rule congress lesotho split lcd lesiba after deputy form party democracy kelebone resign maope september minister faction register prime october government 2001 2001 8||it was formed as a split from the ruling lesotho congress for democracy (lcd) by that party's lesiba faction after deputy prime minister kelebone maope resigned from the government in september 2001, and it was registered on october 8, 2001.
acquire rights 2016 management july albert bmg||alberts was acquired by bmg rights management in july 2016.
career club begin city hometown cork||he began his career at his hometown club cork city.
zhenzhuchong formation geologic china formation mesozoic||the zhenzhuchong formation is a mesozoic geologic formation in china.
open fallow find wooded garden area land||it is found in gardens, fallow land, and open wooded areas.
open sacramento rt early newly rail system 1987 use powered platform light non station bridge mount high platform gap bridge - floor section plate station lrv||earlier, in 1987, the newly opened sacramento rt light rail system used non-powered, station-platform-mounted bridge plates to bridge the gap between a high-platform section at each station and the floor of an lrv.
common solarelle obscure name obscura snail marine solariella sea gastropod solariellidae family mollusk species||solariella obscura, common name the obscure solarelle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family solariellidae.
small problem individual array sensor responsitivity arise local cause include stage postamplification variation difference interference material local circuitry size pixel||this problem arises from small differences in the individual responsitivity of the sensor array (including any local postamplification stages) that might be caused by variations in the pixel size, material or interference with the local circuitry.
2001 festival winner hbo u.s. boston festival nardizzi arts comedy comedy 1997||nardizzi is the winner of the 2001 boston comedy festival, and hbo's u.s. comedy and arts festival in 1997.
medal 1998 win commonwealth games kuala lumpur bronze||she won a bronze medal at the 1998 commonwealth games in kuala lumpur.
institute graduate international phd hold studies||he holds a phd from the graduate institute of international studies.
airport museum former locate terminal aircraft feature hangar artifact exhibit airport outdoor former aircraft ramp||it features a museum located in the former airport terminal with artifacts, a hangar with aircraft and outdoor exhibits of aircraft on the former airport ramp.
family beetle stenopausa specie only genus stenopausa cerambycidae elongatissima species||stenopausa elongatissima is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus stenopausa.
1970s global san hub culture francisco||san francisco in the 1970s was a global hub of culture.
northern 75 member council legislative national rhodesia until 1964 later assembly 1968 january zambia 1964 elect||the 75 members of the legislative council of northern rhodesia, later the national assembly of zambia, from 1964 until 1968 were elected in january 1964.
operational one site two pad other launch second launch pad open orbital 2005||it is one of two operational orbital launch pads at the site, the other being the second launch pad, which opened in 2005.
sibley williams december 1978 john 7 poet fiction bear writer american melrose ma||john sibley williams (born december 7, 1978, melrose, ma) is an american poet and fiction writer.
power most follow list power wave station run page||the following page lists most power stations that run on wave power.
thomasomys rosalinda species mouse family oldfield rosalinda cricetidae rodent||rosalinda's oldfield mouse (thomasomys rosalinda) is a species of rodent in the family cricetidae.
community traditionally india mair find sunar northern||the mair are a sunar community traditionally found in northern india.
alloy heavy happ defense project penetrator factories ordnance indian operate board establishment||the heavy alloy penetrator project or happ is an indian defense establishment operated by the ordnance factories board.
maria partner hit sharapova currently||he is currently the hitting partner of maria sharapova.
parody prizes nobel prizes year nobel - ig recipient mid genuine september nobel time announce prizes ten award make that achievement people make think first laugh then||a parody of the nobel prizes, the ig nobel prizes are awarded each year in mid-september, around the time the recipients of the genuine nobel prizes are announced, for ten achievements that "first make people laugh, and then make them think".
590 kssk simulcast khz honolulu am license||it is simulcast on am 590 khz kssk, which is licensed to honolulu.
mla tom labor 23 1983 marrickville june die cahill||marrickville labor mla tom cahill died on 23 june 1983.
title book tragedy biography detail mountain two author book title paralysis paralympics child journey forgiveness wheelchair friendship playground harley lessons||he has authored two books, a biography titled "tragedy on the mountain," which details his journey from paralysis to paralympics, and a children's book titled "playground lessons-friendship & forgiveness: harley and his wheelchair."
st cambridge catharine 1642 gray matriculate 26 easter inn may admit 1646 college||he matriculated from st catharine's college, cambridge at easter 1642 and was admitted at gray's inn on 26 may 1646.
anticipate yield 4 2017 million purse share winner 720,000||the purse in 2017 is anticipated to be $4 million, yielding a winner's share of $720,000.
rolling two billboard papers number sale week debut first 200 197,000 copy states united||rolling papers debuted at number two on the billboard 200, with first-week sales of 197,000 copies in the united states.
encourage tour big small peaceful operator nature island preserve calaguas quiet||big and small tour operators are encouraged to preserve the quiet and peaceful nature of calaguas island.
coaster coaster roller shuttle ultimately roller rather make circuit reverse traverse track backwards same point course complete||a shuttle roller coaster is any roller coaster that ultimately does not make a complete circuit, but rather reverses at some point throughout its course and traverses the same track backwards.
capital rail also post porch column decorative feature newel molding||the porch's railing and newel posts and the capitals of its columns also feature decorative moldings.
aquarium use fish sometimes||it is sometimes used as an aquarium fish.
dimension spad vary 10 micrometer up single 100 density square millimeter 10000||the dimension of each single spad can vary from 10 to 100 micrometers, and their density can be up to 10000 per square millimeter.
part have heterometric texture heterorythmic rhythm different||texture in which parts have different rhythms is heterorythmic or heterometric.
country nacionale depend characteristic cadenas vary||depending on the country, the characteristics of cadenas nacionales vary.
pronounce have penalty only civil heretic tribunal oppose||he is not opposed to penalties against heretics, but he would have them pronounced only by civil tribunals.
six true bits truth symbolize marriage meaning lie meaning gilded||"the gilded six-bits" symbolizes the meaning of a true marriage and the truth that lies underneath its meaning.
know author later bradshaw colin publisher colin jones||colin later became known as author and publisher colin bradshaw-jones.
world father former ray champion mancini boxer||he is the father of ray mancini, a former world champion boxer.
production album suffer positive get although value underground circle low such magazine bw bk metal metal maniacs feedback magazine mention album one year 2002 reader||although suffering from low production values, the album got positive feedback in underground metal circles and magazines such as bw & bk and was mentioned in metal maniacs magazine as one of the reader's albums of the year for 2002.
hold february qualification 2013 27||a qualification was held on 27 february 2013.
album over great hit japanese rock electronica band satellites boom boom over||over and over is a greatest hits album by japanese electronica/rock band boom boom satellites.
track include five first studio band album||it included tracks from each of the band's first five studio albums.
most element franchise one recognizable marketing film spin material heavily immediately off feature||it is one of the most immediately recognizable elements of the franchise and has featured heavily in marketing material for the films and their spin-offs.
found about camp boom gilsonite decade 20th dragon first century end mining 1888 line uintah town railway||founded in about 1888 as a gilsonite mining camp, dragon boomed in the first decade of the 20th century as the end-of-line town for the uintah railway.
theatrical composer female prolific five history most broadway five award nomination musical honored tony||she is the most prolific and honored female theatrical composer in history, with five broadway musicals and five tony award nominations.
india take obligation now government that such measure language grow richness development mean modern effective become communicate rapidly knowledge||the government of india is now under an obligation to take measures for the development of these languages, such that "they grow rapidly in richness and become effective means of communicating modern knowledge".
that author deal method possible metaphorical express meaning metaphorical identify note metaphor intention conventional linguistic utterance||note that this method does not deal with an author's possible intention to express metaphorical meanings, and does not identify metaphorical utterances and conventional linguistic metaphors.
breathe debut mike peters album solo||breathe is the debut solo album by mike peters.
toss vinegar meat pork mince liver pork mushroom slice meat slice ball noodle lard deep bit stew fry||the noodles are tossed in vinegar, minced meat, pork slices, pork liver, stewed sliced mushrooms, meat balls and bits of deep-fried lard.
guide 1918 malta association start association member world girl girl 1966 wagggs scouts guides become||guiding in malta started in 1918 and the association became a member of the world association of girl guides and girl scouts (wagggs) in 1966.
lindsay 1980 morgan goldberg work found member stanley together equity 1984 private business||goldberg and lindsay had worked together in the 1980s at morgan stanley and were founding members of the private equity business in 1984.
station own identify although operate semi right actually thomasville separate satellite cbs channel affiliate wctv 6 - license||although it identifies itself as a separate station in its own right, it is actually operated as a semi-satellite of thomasville-licensed cbs affiliate wctv (channel 6).
announce gap february store slate 2007 closure that june 19 15 store 2007 schaumburg close inc first||in february 2007, gap inc announced that all 19 stores were slated for closure, and on june 15, 2007, the first store, in schaumburg, closed.
although temple intercollegiate begin official compete record 1894 include record school football after temple i division become a program only 1971 now fbs book||although temple began competing in intercollegiate football in 1894, the school's official record book only includes records from after temple became a division i-a (now fbs) program in 1971.
liberal resign sit party parliament 1986 altogether independent 1984 resign||in 1984, he resigned from the liberal party to sit as an independent, and resigned from parliament altogether in 1986.
manufacture brazil become multispeed landmark bicycle 1980s 1970 cultural first||it was the first multispeed bicycle manufactured in brazil, and became a cultural landmark of the 1970s and 1980s.
roman plural ancient votum religion make deity vow vota promise||in ancient roman religion, a votum, plural vota, is a vow or promise made to a deity.
5th nigerian science ceremony media honor awards journalist broadcast academy 2014 room conference columnist protea hotel hold isaac c newspaper street gra john nigeria ikeja may state 2015 7 lagos||the 5th nigerian academy of science media awards ceremony honoring broadcast journalist and newspaper columnist of 2014 was held at the conference room c of the protea hotel, isaac john street, gra ikeja, lagos state, nigeria on may 7, 2015. .. .
pulpit font 1833||the font and pulpit are from 1833.
degeneres bear september 2 american actor 1954 producer screenwrit film vance work television comedian musician know||vance degeneres (born september 2, 1954) is an american actor, comedian, musician, film producer and screenwriter, known for his work in television.
filler album band studio canadian sum 41 7 rock debut 2001 release may||no filler is the debut studio album by canadian rock band sum 41, released on may 7, 2001.
athlete compete maximum male racquetball 60 female 33 27||there will be a maximum of 60 athletes competing in racquetball (33 males and 27 females).
death 2005 continue team shift project february later firefox browser ubiquity extension focus since||since his death in february 2005 the project was continued by his team, which later shifted focus to the ubiquity extension for the firefox browser.
title music album sports decide eventually original fripp choose brian colleague title music associate album series plan eno||the original planned title for the album was music for sports, but fripp eventually decided to choose a title that would not be associated with colleague brian eno's music for... album series.
group represent association umbrella industry brussels bingo base||it is a brussels-based umbrella group for associations representing the bingo industry.
people life version plot involve computer real play game||the plot involves people playing real-life versions of computer games.
local view most landscape surround have hill panoramic||most local landscapes have panoramic views of surrounding hills.
bundang populous most gu seongnam city seoul large major gu area south korea capital district||bundang-gu is the largest and most populous district (gu) of seongnam, a major city in the seoul capital area, south korea.
cop penwortham west lane station railway railway england lancashire||penwortham cop lane was a railway station on the west lancashire railway in england.
member sufjan also clark stevens band 2006 touring band form own||clark was also a member of sufjan stevens's touring band before forming her own band in 2006.
swedish myntverket half mint own royal owner mint norwegian share today||today it is the owner of the swedish mint, the myntverket, and owns half of the shares of the royal norwegian mint.
venu nedumudi mohan sankar film star uma lead role sukumari||the film stars nedumudi venu, sankar mohan, uma and sukumari in lead roles.
variety local police occupy meet since movement beginning department 2011 response||occupy movement has been met with a variety of responses from local police departments since its beginning in 2011.
commonly colchic- know sea ilex holly native species black colchica turkey caucasus holly bulgaria||ilex colchica, commonly known as colchic- or black sea holly, is a species of holly native to bulgaria, turkey and the caucasus.
home maddy away depart 31 may 2016||maddy departed home and away on 31 may 2016.
cowes pride take pretty station station garden railway isle||cowes railway station took pride in being the "prettiest station on the garden isle".
single band album title rock 8 riptide radio release february fourth 2011||the band's fourth single from the album, titled "riptide", was released to rock radio on 8 february 2011.
comune brescia province lombardy rezzato||rezzato is a comune in the province of brescia, in lombardy.
document party 67.8 gain vote own win majority %||the party majority won with its own document gaining 67.8% of the vote.
nsgc decision manage implement||nsgc manages and implements those decisions.
andrey church currently priest bezotosny||andrey bezotosny is currently the priest of the church.
first month 5th disastrous army kiev encircled destroy barbarossa||in the disastrous first months of barbarossa, the 5th army was encircled and destroyed around kiev.
throw hitter season||no no-hitters were thrown during the season.
issue since 145,000 ciw certification 1997||over 145,000 ciw certifications have been issued since 1997.
obtain irish first victory because soil australian historical test tour match||it was an historical tour because irish obtain is first victory on australian soil in a test match.
records wild 1992 reissue 1999 records eibon rags||it was reissued in 1992 by wild rags records and in 1999 by eibon records.
addition more team class eight admit six team b qualification group include||in addition eight more teams were admitted to the class b including six teams from qualification groups.
romanovsky player go fifth free back flamberg allow petrograd 1915 one return warsaw 1916 sixth||a fifth player, romanovsky was freed and went back to petrograd in 1915, and a sixth one, flamberg was allowed to return to warsaw in 1916.
no.58 college bishop rosicrucian wilkins meeting province cheshire counties wales north western college sria||bishop wilkins college no.58 is a rosicrucian college of the sria meeting in cheshire, within the province of western counties and north wales.
pole event men 2000 olympics vault summer olympic hold part stadium september program friday september 29 27 wednesday athletic||the men's pole vault event at the 2000 summer olympics as part of the athletics program was held at the olympic stadium on wednesday, 27 september and friday, 29 september.
lighthouse 2007 independent gay filipino film film filipino director joselito altarejos man find homoerotic true self direct stay theme till recollection end journey memory||the man in the lighthouse is a 2007-independent gay-themed filipino film directed by filipino film director joselito altarejos, a homoerotic journey in finding one's true self and the memories and recollections that stay with us till the end.
refer piemaker ned also pushing series abc protagonist lee daisies pace portray television||ned, also referred to as "the piemaker," is the protagonist of the abc television series, pushing daisies, and is portrayed by lee pace.
come academy make appearance date system club 100||he came through the club's academy system and has made over 100 appearances to date.
service eight 1980 play senior club acquire game footscray new||footscray acquired his services in 1980 and he played eight senior games for his new club.
commentator notable writer world sport cricket list medium||this is a list of notable media commentators and writers on the sport of cricket from around the world.
look so whereas station as construction place cost revenue nearby wealthy financier people new balance utilize transport mode halt create expect use populace guest staff family solely||whereas financiers looked to place their stations so as to balance the cost of the construction with expected revenue from the nearby populace, wealthy people utilized this new mode of transport by creating a halt solely for the use of their family, guests and staff.
mission indian atlantic also fredericton gulf arabian sea deploy persian specifically anti operation ocean - terrorism||fredericton has also been deployed on missions throughout the atlantic and to the indian ocean; specifically the persian gulf and arabian sea on anti-terrorism operations.
find southern central congo cameroon republic african democratic republic congo republic||it is found in southern cameroon, the central african republic, the republic of the congo and the democratic republic of the congo.
move 2007 rugby join africa south sharks rugby south academy play new union 2013 professional africa zealand 2011||he moved to south africa in 2007 to join the sharks' rugby academy and played professional rugby union in south africa and new zealand between 2011 and 2013.
alagoanum canistrum species canistrum genus||canistrum alagoanum is a species in the genus canistrum.
jive 2008 november release 28 records||it was released on november 28, 2008 through jive records.
bear 1984 swedish naurin footballer tommy may gif 17 sundsvall play goalkeeper||tommy naurin (born 17 may 1984) is a swedish footballer who plays for gif sundsvall as a goalkeeper.
april be assassinate 26 lorenzo medici 1478 attempt de giuliano de brother medici||on 26 april 1478 there was an attempt to assassinate lorenzo de' medici and his brother giuliano de' medici.
small town byron mountains australia blue world i war year missy novel just wright set story hurlingford family||set in the small town of byron in the blue mountains of australia in the years just before world war i, the novel is the story of missy wright and the hurlingford family.
film direct 2006 first lead banderas star take feature antonio||in 2006, she directed her first feature film take the lead starring antonio banderas.
typically secondary support clear ground trunk many tree have branch||a tree typically has many secondary branches supported clear of the ground by the trunk.
family species cerambycidae beetle pilipennis prosoplus||prosoplus pilipennis is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
total strikeout low accumulate number lead major history baseball league league||their total is the lowest number of strikeouts accumulated to lead a league in major league baseball history.
economic development river most refer big alliance - non commonly organization baton profit breada agricultural headquarter rouge louisiana||the big river economic and agricultural development alliance, most commonly referred to as breada, is a non-profit organization with headquarters in baton rouge, louisiana.
european other international work organization benefit professional serve eureta engineering national public||eureta works with other european, international and national organizations for the benefit of all engineering professionals and the public they serve.
collage horror show image range memory home depict show wine skull war song woman||it depicts a collage of images that range from the horrors of war shown by skulls to the memories of home, shown by wine, women and song.
add plan announce property 2015 41 south rowhouse north locate early remain current building||in early 2015, plans were announced to add 41 rowhouses to the property that will be located to the north and south of the current building (which will remain).
telugu as series remade nirupam viswanath deepam role paritala premi lead karthika||the series is remade into telugu as karthika deepam with premi viswanath and nirupam paritala in the lead roles.
bear 29 1987 montcin hodge anguillian september verniel current cricket team cricketer islands leeward member||montcin verniel hodge (born 29 september, 1987) is an anguillian cricketer and current member of the leeward islands cricket team.
reign world chess women 1991 two again champion 2001 have 1996 1999 separate||she had two separate reigns as women's world chess champion, from 1991 to 1996 and again from 1999 to 2001.
succeed still when minor 953 patricius father||he succeeded his father as patricius in 953, when he was still a minor.
journal unveil 2005 fretboard november issue first||the first issue of the fretboard journal was unveiled in november 2005.
hip describe eurodance music reggae style well hop dancehall||his music can best be described as a eurodance/hip-hop reggae with a dancehall style.
assembly member legislative 1988 manitoba serve minister progressive sterling government lyon cabinet 1969 conservative||he was a member of the legislative assembly of manitoba from 1969 to 1988, and served as a cabinet minister in the progressive conservative government of sterling lyon.
bear 1970 male july 10 long geng jumper china pr retire||geng (born 10 july 1970) is a retired male long jumper from pr china.
submarine u-1192 type u - german kriegsmarine nazi germany boat viic war ii world||german submarine u-1192 was a type viic u-boat of nazi germany's kriegsmarine during world war ii.
hindu sangameswara temple andhra pradesh district kurnool temple india||the sangameswara temple is a hindu temple in the kurnool district, andhra pradesh, india.
director work chopra brother uday film yash number father banner films raj assistant||uday chopra worked as an assistant director on a number of his father's and brother's films under the yash raj films banner.
italian art switzerland history focus||it focuses on the art and history of italian switzerland.
national alton include bridge places register july 8 historic old 1988||old alton bridge was included in the national register of historic places, july 8, 1988.
adam bear iv june keeton football american 15 quarterback charles 1993||charles adam keeton iv (born june 15, 1993) is an american football quarterback.
beetle family catogenus genus passandridae||catogenus is a genus of beetles in the family passandridae.
party fix survey 1957 anare position||its position was fixed by an anare survey party in 1957.
street newspaper sell poor jeepney homeless philippines magazine||the jeepney magazine is the street newspaper sold by poor and homeless in the philippines.
feature battery long life key||a key feature of it is a long battery life.
name aculeatus pendant species sea common chicoreus gastropod predatory marine murex family muricidae mollusk snail rock snail murex snail||chicoreus aculeatus, common name the pendant murex, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
extension fascia prevertebral deep fascia cervical||it is an extension of the prevertebral fascia of the deep cervical fascia.
choice 1,000gpm chassis fire come 500gpm pump depend application||all chassis came with a choice of 500gpm or 1,000gpm fire pumps, depending on application.
khemasis guest mekanics lucci feature solo appearance produce||it was produced by the mekanics and khemasis and features guest appearances by solo lucci.
18 9 poor loss result despite landsdowne road stadium stand performance england ovation team give crowd||despite a poor performance, resulting in an 18-9 loss, the crowd in the landsdowne road stadium gave a standing ovation to the england team.
political parliament other political group complexion have european coherent||unlike other political groups of the european parliament, it did not have a coherent political complexion.
distinction white power many rock vike whether make vike rock music debate essentially be racist||many make no distinction between viking rock and white power music, and there is debate whether viking rock is essentially racist.
borisov prime again coalition govern negotiate elect minister||borisov was elected prime minister again after negotiating a governing coalition.
keep several baby daily that care end reassure fight day||they fight about it for several days but in the end she keeps the baby, and reassures him daily that she will not care about it.
u.s. army reserves earn rank also serve lieutenant 2nd||also he served in the u.s. army reserves and earned the rank of 2nd lieutenant.
year perform program different several next school music||for the next several years, they performed their music program for different schools.
law advocate forward interactive positive adopt structural f look follow change principle systematic approach design organization idealized||the f-laws advocate adopting a positive, forward-looking and interactive approach to structural or systematic change within organizations, following the principles of idealized design.
mission united park 66 service national states program ten park year expand service service time intend 50th anniversary visitor 1966 park service dramatically establishment||mission 66 was a united states national park service ten-year program that was intended to dramatically expand park service visitor services by 1966, in time for the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the park service.
portuguese term lascarin adapt asian specifically mean militiaman seaman east cape hope area good||the portuguese adapted this term to "lascarin", meaning asian militiamen or seamen, specifically from any area east of the cape of good hope.
establish primarily benefit although iaf personnel school always belong child open navy as ward army civilian personnel well||although the school was established primarily for the benefit of children belonging to the iaf personnel, it has always been open to wards of army and navy personnel as well as to civilians.
base united states film making documentary camera particular rostrum zooming panning sometimes call type ken effect effect burns use||in united states-based documentary film making, the use of a rostrum camera for a particular type of panning and zooming effect is sometimes called the ken burns effect.
graduation professional designer custom work artist fabricator furniture||after graduation she worked both as a professional artist and as a designer and fabricator of custom furniture.
collections special history include state library utah archives division state other institution major||library special collections, state history division, including the utah state archives and other major institutions.
number east give lot numbered although lot just||although they were not given a lot number, they are just east of the numbered lots.
once legislative election also stand elect alberta assembly||he also stood once for election to the alberta legislative assembly but was not elected.
percussionist accompany player master include mridangam such mani k. palghat umayalpuram sivaraman iyer t. murthy such k. player tabla rakha alla kishan zakir khan maharaj hussain||he has accompanied master percussionists including mridangam players such as palghat mani iyer, umayalpuram k. sivaraman, and t. k. murthy, and tabla players such as alla rakha khan, kishan maharaj, and zakir hussain.
available wedding hold people 200 garden||the garden is available for weddings and can hold up to 200 people.
inducible dna cell cycle eukaryotic arrest g1 damage g2 checkpoint||checkpoints are eukaryotic dna damage-inducible cell cycle arrests at g1 and g2.
provide joint disaster principal military command responsibility operational natural command force particular region naval peninsula operation defense korean||its principal responsibilities are to provide joint command in natural disaster or military operations and operational command of all naval forces in the region, in particular in the defense of the korean peninsula.
london august 2005 premiere theater arcola receive||it received its london premiere at the arcola theater in august 2005.
melissa state american non church rogers lawyer resident senior fellow - brookings studies institution governance||melissa rogers is an american church-state lawyer and non-resident senior fellow in governance studies at the brookings institution.
student professional stage feature stages teach actor artist stage pitt public performance classic masterpiece student contemporary production lab direct||pitt stages features students on stage with professional actors and teaching artists staging public performances of classic masterpieces, contemporary productions, and student-directed labs.
migratory breed white central southern bird asia needletail siberia throate south subcontinent asia indian australia winter southeast||the white-throated needletail is a migratory bird, breeding in central asia and southern siberia, and wintering south in the indian subcontinent, southeast asia and australia.
de honduran midence regina honduras central government bank micheletti roberto president politician interim||regina de midence is a honduran politician, and was the president of the central bank of honduras under the interim government of roberto micheletti.
christ share provide jesus practical gospel need support dedicate help||it is dedicated to sharing the gospel of jesus christ and providing practical help and support to those in need.
pay portsmouth february 1796 19||she was paid off on 19 february 1796 at portsmouth.
hook dr. first recording release 1971 medicine hook doctor show album||the first released recording is by dr. hook & the medicine show, on their 1971 album doctor hook.
long investor cole time estate long beach pianist amateur die real music 2004 lover||cole, a long beach real estate investor, long-time music lover, and amateur pianist, died in 2004.
theme create many variation||many variations on this theme were created.
band base enemy christian alove metalcore island long us new york||alove for enemies was a christian metalcore band based in long island, new york, us.
41 base game strategy four player turn sector two||sector 41 is a turn-based strategy game for two to four players.
locate juskatla community inlet inlet large masset sidewater juskatla||the community of juskatla is located on juskatla inlet, the largest of masset inlet's sidewaters.
car family produce large carisma mitsubishi mitsubishi european 2004 1995 market||the mitsubishi carisma is a large family car produced for the european market by mitsubishi from 1995 to 2004.
bear january 1940 neville liverpool screenwriter numerous contribute production british smith actor radio movie television play||neville smith (born january 1940 in liverpool) is a british screenwriter and actor who has contributed to numerous television productions, radio plays and movies.
issue multiple re - two two 59dc line pickup three first 1998 dc-3 2001 pickup sell guitars||there have been multiple re-issues of this line of guitars, the first two being the 59dc with two pickups and dc-3 with three pickups, sold between 1998 and 2001.
cushman charlotte philadelphia non regional foundation theater profit fund - performer grant||the charlotte cushman foundation funds philadelphia, regional non-profit theaters with grants for performers.
madhya member legislative assembly chandrabhan singh pradesh chaudhary||chandrabhan singh chaudhary is a member of madhya pradesh legislative assembly.
same title supermono win year||in the same year she won the supermono title.
member sit robert labor poole trigger resignation||it was triggered by the resignation of sitting labor member robert poole.
take parody tack satirize erhard work comedic use methodology course||some of these works have taken a comedic tack, parodying erhard and satirizing the methodology used in these courses.
permanent prefer temporary pond one breed vegetation much||it breeds in permanent and temporary ponds, preferring ones without much vegetation.
library found original 1829||the original library was founded in 1829.
accounting fair accepted principles accounting generally states gaap part early united 1990s since now standard gold circle regard value||fair value accounting has been a part of generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states since the early 1990s, and is now regarded as the "gold standard" in some circles.
president also investor patriots new new england revolution england owner||he is also the president of the new england patriots and owner/investor of the new england revolution.
uganda uace examinations board administer examination national uneb||the examinations for the uace are administered by the uganda national examinations board (uneb).
soccer carolina north state university play college||he played college soccer at north carolina state university.
woman football cullompton club english lfc rangers||cullompton rangers lfc were an english women's football club.
race namesake mountain marathon hold mount fourth july||the namesake of the mountain is the mount marathon race held every fourth of july.
point municipality ninth north carolina 259th high large city currently america large||high point is currently the ninth-largest municipality in north carolina, and the 259th largest city in america.
gun strong civilian right culture country afford keep bear gun more arm liberal have neighboring jurisdiction law||countries with a strong gun culture may afford civilians a right to keep and bear arms, and have more-liberal gun laws than neighboring jurisdictions.
press lp album united vinyl record edition pressing nashville tn||the vinyl lp edition of the album was pressed by united record pressing in nashville, tn.
class uss littoral combat cincinnati ship united navy states independence lcs-20||uss cincinnati (lcs-20) will be an independence-class littoral combat ship of the united states navy.
upwards that year 3 tour band last speculate while final tour also||it has been speculated that the tour will last for upwards of 3 years and while also being the bands final tour.
people ethnic form descent city surround irish county large group philadelphia||people of irish descent form the largest ethnic group in the city of philadelphia and its surrounding counties.
ravitch july diane 1938 silvers bear 1 historian educational policy professor new analyst york education research university culture development school steinhardt human education||diane silvers ravitch (born july 1, 1938) is a historian of education, an educational policy analyst, and a research professor at new york university's steinhardt school of culture, education, and human development.
sehwag indian score virender record 304 hold ground 319 2008 high make ball africa south||the indian virender sehwag holds the record for the highest score at the ground, 319 from 304 balls, which was made in 2008 against south africa.
x system goal plan develop open achieve integration platform architecture technology government industry||to achieve this goal, the plan x system will be developed as an open platform architecture for integration with government and industry technologies.
division site nakawa headquarter town||the town of nakawa is the site of the division headquarters.
barros 1915 javier mexican national engineer 1971 university rector mexico 1968 autonomous massacre sierra tlatelolco||javier barros sierra (1915-1971) was a mexican engineer and rector of the national autonomous university of mexico during the 1968 tlatelolco massacre.
nj zine aquarian also feature band weekly||the band has also been featured in the nj zine the aquarian weekly.
also emeritus medicine aberdeen universities professor honorary london currently consultant nhs thomas guy st aberdeen nephrologist royal foundation trust infirmary||he is also currently emeritus professor of medicine at the universities of london and aberdeen and was an honorary consultant nephrologist at guy's and st thomas' nhs foundation trust and aberdeen royal infirmary.
journalism anthology edit new 1973 tom wolfe johnson journalism e. w.||new journalism is a 1973 anthology of journalism edited by tom wolfe and e. w. johnson.
design expand 1915 architect greatly fred follow wesley paterson wentworth||it was greatly expanded in 1915 following a design by paterson architect fred wesley wentworth.
arrive most 1938 1948 period albania community zogist||most of the community arrived in albania during the zogist period and between 1938 and 1948.
iron 1993 follow maiden bruce dickinson audition ultimately blaze bayley departure lose||he auditioned for iron maiden in 1993, following the departure of bruce dickinson, but ultimately lost out to blaze bayley.
student delaware athlete keevin starter year university lacrosse team four defensive||keevin was a student-athlete at the university of delaware and was a four year defensive starter on the lacrosse team.
producer will holcomb hart earn film role packer motion major help picture credit||holcomb credits hart, along with film producer will packer, with helping him earn roles in major motion pictures.
come great one 1984 club gaels mayo win when intermediate championship football win mayo||one of the club's greatest wins came in 1984 when mayo gaels won the mayo intermediate football championship.
175 2013 subregion hungary replace||they replaced the 175 subregions of hungary in 2013.
olympic take man program olympics 2020 prior event summer||the men's event was taken off the olympic program prior to the 2020 summer olympics.
know rabin behala mukherjee college commerce undergraduate establish college kolkata college 1964 bengal india formerly behala west||rabin mukherjee college, formerly known as behala college of commerce, established in 1964 is an undergraduate college in behala, kolkata, west bengal, india.
titular episode song scrubs occurrence comedy episode feature tv||the titular song was featured in an episode of the tv comedy scrubs, in the episode 'my occurrence'.
locality tasman tasmania australia koonya peninsula||koonya is a locality on the tasman peninsula, tasmania, australia.
trophy inspiration premiership statue image bronze current||this image was the inspiration for the current premiership trophy's bronze statue.
september 2017 five studio 11 broadcast ipswich headquarters norwich station vacate subsequently||from 11 september 2017, all five stations were broadcast from the norwich studios and the ipswich headquarters were subsequently vacated.
infrastructure oversee rural development||it oversaw the development of the rural infrastructure.
hannover various german territory holy principality roman electorate empire hanover time province kingdom subordinate kingdom prussia same independent||hanover (german: hannover) is a territory that was at various times a principality within the holy roman empire, an electorate within the same, an independent kingdom, and a subordinate province within the kingdom of prussia.
british base mongrel situation series broadcast first three june comedy august 22 2010 bbc 10 mongrels entitle broadcast uncovered august puppet documentary making 2010 11||mongrels is a british puppet-based situation comedy series first broadcast on bbc three between 22 june and 10 august 2010, with a making-of documentary entitled "mongrels uncovered" broadcast on 11 august 2010.
prior investment chief management aberdeen executive chief officer officer asset m&g investments||prior to this, she was the chief investment officer of aberdeen asset management and chief executive officer of m&g investments.
follow however fundraising charity scrutiny medium 2015 uk society department government charity responsibility review civil office commission regulation lead create etherington charitable decision fundraising fundraising regulator new||however following media scrutiny of charity fundraising throughout 2015 the office for civil society, the uk government department with responsibility for charities, commissioned the etherington review of charitable fundraising regulation, which led to a decision to create a new fundraising regulator.
align choice painting chinese qinwu scholarly painting ink tradition material||qinwu's choice of materials for his paintings align with the scholarly tradition of chinese ink painting.
musician matthew friedman new new singer performer york york||matthew friedman is a musician, singer and performer from new york, new york.
reopen however 3 december||however, it reopened on december 3.
east different postal be district also - london sub subset region use policy east reporting plan london purpose plan||postal district is a different subset of east london; and there is also an "east" sub-region used in the london plan for planning policy reporting purposes.
martin album pizzarelli father ray bucky guitar kennedy feature pianist pizzarelli trio john pizzarelli||this album features martin pizzarelli with his father, bucky pizzarelli, on guitar and with ray kennedy, pianist from john pizzarelli's trio.
make cycle company motorcycle light mostly cylinder 4 car build||his company made mostly cycles and motorcycles, but did build a light 4-cylinder car.
break fiber make more meat tender cook meat mallet fast while less moisture thin loss||the mallet breaks down the fibers in the meat, making it more tender, while the thinner meat cooks faster with less moisture loss.
represent gray shifnal cricket club premier league play birmingham latterly||latterly, gray represented shifnal cricket club, who play in the birmingham premier league.
wisconsin state adam republican assembly serve 1875 1867||adams served in the wisconsin state assembly in 1867 and 1875 as a republican.
j. katz american politician roger lawyer||roger j. katz is an american politician and lawyer.
work roc other box several signal become supplant redundant thus||the roc supplants the work of several other signal boxes which have thus become redundant.
1,442 population 1,339 up 2010 2000 census||the population was 1,442 at the 2010 census, up from 1,339 in 2000.
organizations know dental industry abbreviate service dso support dental support independent contract dental practice states center organizations united business||dental service organizations, known in the industry as "dental support organizations" or abbreviated to dsos, are independent business support centers that contract with dental practices in the united states.
foot madre fort sierra army reservation magsaysay east mountains side adjoin town||the town is at the foot of the sierra madre mountains, adjoining the fort magsaysay army reservation on the east side.
sharp short phrase operetta sullivan take shock mikado gilbert||the phrase "short, sharp shock" is taken from gilbert and sullivan's operetta the mikado.
program housing habitat such humanity equity sweat require take part where construction require dwelling inhabitant shelter houser charge future provide inhabitant mad obligation free||unlike the "sweat equity" required by which some housing programs such as habitat for humanity (where inhabitants are required to take part in the construction of their future dwelling), mad houser shelters are provided free of any charge or obligation to their inhabitants.
mavronikolas european take follow kyriakos seat 2012 sophocleous parliament resignation latter||sophocleous took the seat of kyriakos mavronikolas in the european parliament following the latter's resignation in 2012.
september 1955 portland exercise conduct call actually operation film greenlight often evacuation misattribute downtown year 27||on september 27, 1955, portland actually conducted an exercise evacuation of downtown called "operation greenlight", and the film is often misattributed to that year.
dominican may republic general election hold 17 2020||general elections will be held in the dominican republic in may 17, 2020.
strength intense opposition war 1812 practically good recover feelings vanish war follow era leave federalists 1815.the form last end federal strong sound legacy financial base government||they recovered some strength by their intense opposition to the war of 1812, but they practically vanished during the era of good feelings that followed the end of the war in 1815.the federalists left a lasting legacy in the form of a strong federal government with a sound financial base.
whedon episode kevin direct tancharoen jed write||the episode was written by jed whedon, and directed by kevin tancharoen.
scott actor ryan voice american michael||michael scott ryan is an american voice actor.
national woman goalball germany team team germany national woman||germany women's national goalball team is the women's national team of germany.
involve definite occurrence definiteness multiple such example marking article limit find below list typical language||typical examples involve multiple occurrences of the definite article or definiteness marking, such is found in (but not limited to) the languages listed below.
chief jakub editor university southampton bijak||the editor-in-chief is jakub bijak (university of southampton).
rush 15 bear john 1942 internationally renowned psychiatrist augustus december||augustus john rush (born december 15, 1942) is an internationally renowned psychiatrist.
growth economic revolution interest development industrial research||her research interest has been in economic growth and development and the industrial revolution.
pan women 1986 hold championship handball brazil american||1986 pan american women's handball championship was held in brazil.
digital release later single year release 2007 download second 15 january single international officially||it was released later that year for digital download, and was officially released as a single on january 15, 2007, as the second international single.
administrative hhc hhc command fall primary practice staff commander special report battalion directly officer personnel commander commander administratively company hhc company hhc high assign commander battalion while hhc company commander operationally thus commander directly battalion commander answer||all personnel in the hhc fall under the administrative command of the hhc company commander, but in practice, the primary and special staff officers report directly to the battalion commander, and while the battalion commander is administratively assigned to the hhc, he or she is the hhc company commander's higher commander and thus the hhc company commander operationally answers directly to the battalion commander.
accord stylistic identify lombard giovanni mangone designer rome 16th century analysis active architect||according to the stylistic analysis, his designer had been identified as giovanni mangone, a lombard architect active in rome during the 16th century.
bear may saravanan malaysian walker 1970 race male 15||saravanan (born 15 may 1970) is a malaysian male race walker.
bicycle cycling also know driving bicycle practice accordance road principle ride manner vehicular place responsibility way safety drive individual traffic||vehicular cycling (also known as bicycle driving) is the practice of riding bicycles on roads in a manner that is in accordance with the principles for driving in traffic, and in a way that places responsibility for safety on the individual.
probable that however mountain goat relative north susceptible sheep strain american experimentally mountain prove||however, it is probable that north american relatives, the mountain goat and mountain sheep, may be susceptible to the strains but has not been experimentally proven.
provide addition review user rating entrepreneurial one communicate garner insight advice||in addition to providing ratings and reviews, users can communicate with one another to garner entrepreneurial insight and advice.
moth family drepanidae naumanni isopsestis||isopsestis naumanni is a moth in the drepanidae family.
lee richard 1949 most dominant 1972 circuit petty driver nascar||from 1949 to 1972, richard and lee petty were the most dominant drivers on any circuit in nascar.
suberosa legume family species inga fabaceae||inga suberosa is a species of legume in the fabaceae family.
head female school shooting ling work coach||she works as the head female coach at ling shooting school.
federer streak open consecutive quarterfinal us nine tommy end when roger lose round early fourth mark exit since robredo 2003 tournament||roger federer's streak of nine consecutive us open quarterfinals ended when he lost to tommy robredo in the fourth round, marking his earliest exit from the tournament since 2003.
april 15 saenz costa bear diana rican defender footballer play 1989 woman football rica team national costa||diana saenz (born 15 april 1989) is a costa rican footballer who play as a defender for the costa rica women's national football team.
represent united town hartlepool gillingham city norwich grimsby as football forest league athletic nottingham town well league - dover non whitstable||he has represented hartlepool united, grimsby town, gillingham, norwich city and nottingham forest in the football league as well as dover athletic and whitstable town in non-league.
opening loss nottinghamshire tour australians marylebone match cricket team club discouraging 26 may mcc lord 1878 meet||after a discouraging loss to nottinghamshire in the opening match of the tour, the australians met a marylebone cricket club (mcc) team at lord's on 26 may 1878.
sale other 3 volume rockwell significant go international m||other significant volume sales went to 3m and rockwell international.
reagan defense department hold administration position various||in the reagan administration, he held various department of defense positions.
broadcaster jonathan foyle advocate site historian architectural heritage||jonathan foyle is an architectural historian, broadcaster and advocate for heritage sites.
andrew found company 2002 previously british shakespeare company producer associate touring hobbs||the company was founded in 2002 by andrew hobbs who was previously associate producer at the british touring shakespeare company.
trichophyton dermatophyte genera invade cause disease primarily hair shaft microsporum||the disease is primarily caused by dermatophytes in the trichophyton and microsporum genera that invade the hair shaft.
operate icompli brand compliance standard define company document||the company operate the "icompli" brand, documenting compliance to defined standards.
band down also individual monkey leaf 50||the banded leaf monkey is also down to around 50 individuals.
primary 27 may oregon convention run national primary california hold convention 7 while party june||an oregon primary was run on may 27 during the national convention, while the california primary was held on june 7 after the party's convention.
1926 civil service civil win servant runner 1926 kent championship finish championship trade up||he was a civil servant by trade and won the 1926 civil service championship and finished runner-up in the 1926 kent championship.
beetle species cerambycidae family torricelliana pascoea||pascoea torricelliana is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
giddy nickname visitor when house have try feeling while come inside straight stand||its nickname, giddy house, comes from the feeling visitors have when trying to stand straight while inside.
award 2001 particle j.j. theoretical prize physics sakurai award alexander award 2004 humboldt von||in 2001 he was awarded j.j. sakurai prize for theoretical particle physics and in 2004 he was awarded the alexander-von-humboldt award.
summer limited flow stream small typically nonexistent||summer flow in smaller streams is typically limited or nonexistent.
color high glucoside ph 3 explain malvidin self copigmentation z stabilization cation flavylium chalcone aggregation form||color stabilization of malvidin 3-glucoside at a higher ph can be explained by self-aggregation of the flavylium cation and copigmentation with the z-chalcone form.
previously peele tv.each work key show episode consist - mad mainly star several pre actor two tape skit||both key and peele previously worked on mad tv.each episode of the show consists mainly of several pre-taped skits starring the two actors.
11 november anniversary 40th erect long 1908 reign commemorate monarch time siamese accession history throne||it was erected on 11 november 1908 to commemorate his 40th anniversary of his accession to the throne, the longest-reigning monarch in siamese history at that time.
gen new grant world extraordinary ability nanobot child one infestation deadalus||he was one of the children from the world of new-gen granted extraordinary abilities by deadalus' nanobot infestation.
teach russian know school vgik film parajanov attend parajanov sergei friend good also mikhail vartanov also||he is also known for teaching sergei parajanov at the russian film school vgik, also attended by parajanov's best friend mikhail vartanov.
barn williams pottery subsidiary wholly sonoma own inc||pottery barn is a wholly owned subsidiary of williams-sonoma, inc..
few palace away meter colonnades originally peter square only 1930 st. bernini demolish lie definition wake newly establish city rebuild hundred vatican east state meter border process||the palace, originally lying only a few meters away from bernini's colonnades in st. peter's square, was demolished in 1930 in the wake of the process of the border definition of the newly established vatican city state, and rebuilt some hundred meters to the east.
previously flash play ravens buffalo team haukar gbk league icelandic finland rochester w kokkola||she has previously played for buffalo flash and rochester ravens in the w-league, the icelandic team haukar and for gbk kokkola in finland.
first book 2003 glory glenda larke aware isles||aware (2003) is the first book in the isles of glory by glenda larke.
use diaphragm blocking wall technique build surround typically open tunnel foundation lay water cut||this technique is typically used to build diaphragm (water-blocking) walls surrounding tunnels and open cuts, and to lay foundations.
university uniki kindu public democratic university congo locate province city republic maniema kindu||university of kindu (uniki) is a public university in the democratic republic of the congo, located in the province of maniema, city of kindu.
cell nucleus phase cycle cytoplasm cell start translocate phase g1 s localize||it localizes in the cell nucleus during cell cycle phase g1, but translocates to the cytoplasm at the start of s phase.
response two component demonstrate that sander regulator residue regulatory aspartate protein phosphatase covalent intermediate phosphorylate that system||sanders demonstrated that the response regulators in the two-component regulatory systems were phosphorylated on an aspartate residue and that they were protein phosphatases with a covalent intermediate.
internationally exhibit artwork||his artwork has been exhibited internationally.
friends real observe curate lancashire loyal queen celebrate county toast everywhere lancaster palatine duke||curated by the friends of real lancashire, it is observed with the loyal toast to "the queen, duke of lancaster", and is celebrated from everywhere within the county palatine.
money bank challenger ricky limited tandem cooper knox found kent tandem matt 2013 michael||tandem money limited is a challenger bank, tandem was founded by ricky knox, matt cooper and michael kent in 2013.
found member see lizzy album drummer only scott joey singer long term departure gene harges allen return guitarist borden||the album saw only founding members singer lizzy borden and drummer joey scott harges return after the departure of long term guitarist gene allen.
street alibaba while holding journal accord ltd. group e - commerce market broad sometimes china compare u.s. wall dominate mogujie carve blend niche online shopping network social try pinterest||according to the wall street journal, while alibaba group holding ltd. dominates the broader e-commerce market in china, mogujie, sometimes compared with pinterest of the u.s., is trying to carve out a niche by blending social network with online shopping.
company sell 1816 break||in 1816, the company sold her for breaking up.
militia unit guard serve union state infantry civil american war army leavenworth||the leavenworth state guard was an militia infantry unit that served in the union army during the american civil war.
political scottish scotland 1920s protestant league 1930s party||the scottish protestant league was a political party in scotland during the 1920s and 1930s.
movement musically bring jewish musician contemporary songwriting spearhead band style cultural||musically, the band spearheaded a movement of jewish musicians to bring cultural styles into contemporary songwriting.
majority approve measure voter||a majority of voters approved the measure.
include minnesota paul maple plymouth park such brooklyn grove city||paul, minnesota, including cities such as plymouth, maple grove, and brooklyn park.
represent memphis tigers baseball ncaa university division 2015 memphis team baseball season i||memphis tigers baseball team represents the university of memphis during the 2015 ncaa division i baseball season.
level acha division independent compete team team||the team competes in the acha division i level as an independent team.
american j. william businessman conaty||william j. conaty is an american businessman.
publish deal first extensively identity female american sino 1991 mother draw life story||first published in 1991, it deals extensively with sino-american female identity and draws on the story of her mother's life.
east make india one british voyage eic three convict company transporting australia||she made one voyage for the british east india company (eic), and three transporting convicts to australia.
debut tv also member island head series resistance mark anthony||the series also marked the tv debut of anthony head as a member of the island resistance.
1851 establish see parish||the parish is seen to be established in 1851.
flint east township autonomous administratively city adjacent||the city of flint is adjacent to the township on the east, but is administratively autonomous.
ras conquer empire giyorgis welde 1893 basketo ethiopian||the basketo were conquered for the ethiopian empire by ras welde giyorgis in 1893.
gram kishorpur panchayat village nandanpur||nandanpur is the gram panchayat of kishorpur village.
also bear mara benitez 14 benitez cinematographer filipina tamara camera 1983 metro base operator manila philippines october||tamara benitez (also mara benitez) (born 14 october 1983) is a filipina cinematographer and camera operator, based in metro manila, philippines.
fox television hollow premiere september 16 season sleepy series first 2013 20 13 consist episode january 2014 conclude||the first season of the fox television series sleepy hollow premiered on september 16, 2013, and concluded january 20, 2014, consisting of 13 episodes.
air equip cool four two virago cylinder stroke engine develop initially power kw 7.3 later hp 10 125 8.3 1997 kw develop power 1998 2002 hp 11.4||the virago 125 is equipped with an air-cooled two-cylinder four-stroke engine, which initially developed a power of 7.3 kw / 10 hp (1997) and later developed a power of 8.3 kw / 11.4 hp (1998-2002).
united states personnel forces use insignia wear other korea rank states personnel united armed service states territory united forces||the united states forces korea personnel wear the ranks and insignia used by other service personnel of the united states armed forces in the territories of the united states.
action 2006 write film perarasu produce productions avm direct tamil thirupathi||thirupathi is a 2006 tamil action film written and directed by perarasu and produced by avm productions.
name mary bernard kirwan so community presentation sisters newfoundland 1853 labrador foundress mother reverend||the community so named after a reverend mother mary bernard kirwan, foundress of presentation sisters of newfoundland and labrador in 1853.
air transport command force transport royal command aircraft raf control raf||raf transport command was a royal air force command that controlled all transport aircraft of the raf.
write name tor cover band termina||on the cover, band's name is written as "termina:tor".
when matthew newburyport city politic council enter elect 1962||matthews entered politics in 1962 when he was elected to the newburyport city council.
transportation engineering worldwide traffic also reference several scholar country practitioner capacity manual specific base hcm||the hcm has been a worldwide reference for transportation and traffic engineering scholars and practitioners, and also the base of several country specific capacity manuals.
secular save obama 2010 america machine - stop book fiction house socialist non newt speaker former offer gingrich activist view socialist suppose secular critical american liberalism democratic party conservative influence||to save america: stopping obama's secular-socialist machine is a 2010 non-fiction book by former speaker of the house and conservative activist newt gingrich, offering a critical view of supposed secular and socialist influences on american liberalism and the democratic party.
objective 100 1993 decree specific set||its specific objectives were set out in decree 100 of 1993.
march 2014 13th controversial court more follow thousand order person protest sixty||in the 13th of march 2014, following a controversial court's order, more than sixty-thousand person protested in it.
include irish visual library artist national nival database arts irish artist 2015||in 2015 the artist was included in the national irish visual arts library (nival) database of irish artists.
barbara historical santa museum santa locate u.s barbara california||the santa barbara historical museum is located in santa barbara, california, u.s..
black thrush z. include mendeni traditionally red subspecie||traditionally, it included the red-and-black thrush (z. mendeni) as a subspecies.
village sadberge darlington durham county tee situate england stockton||sadberge is a village in county durham, england, situated between darlington and stockton-on-tees.
locate south khkk studio transmitter while stockton tracy california kdjk california mariposa one||its studios are in stockton, and its transmitter for khkk is located south of tracy, california, while the one for kdjk is in mariposa, california.
list resignation air||this is a list of on-air resignations.
woman 1589 publish||for women was published in 1589.
branch black campus open 2009 mountain far pvcc section northern august arizona area scottsdale grow rapidly serve||a branch campus, pvcc at black mountain, opened in august 2009 in the far northern section of scottsdale, arizona to serve this rapidly growing area.
obie portrayal small theater alison award world win receive nomination tony award award best desk actress musical award featured drama||for her portrayal of small alison she won an obie award and theater world award and received nominations for a drama desk award and a tony award for best featured actress in a musical.
program agriculture united concert protection ace epa states environmental cooperatively environment department united agriculture administer states research education program sustainable fund project agriculture research sare reduce risk pesticide agency soluble fertilizer pollution||agriculture in concert with the environment (ace) is a program of the united states environmental protection agency (epa), administered cooperatively with united states department of agriculture's sustainable agriculture research and education (sare) program, to fund research projects that reduce the risk of pollution from pesticides and soluble fertilizers.
- non real time send medium variety otherwise access message||otherwise, it may be sent as a non-real-time message that can be accessed through a variety of media.
village bamyan province hasan afghanistan khvajeh central||khvajeh hasan is a village in bamyan province in central afghanistan.
amt change district len capital 1919 keep name original 1662||the len was changed to an amt ( district ) in 1662 but it kept its original name and capital until 1919.
several stem upright reach perennial hairy centimeter 25 herb tall about||it is a perennial herb with several hairy upright stems reaching up to about 25 centimeters tall.
appear league ultraman america justice 29 1964 first august||ultraman first appeared in justice league of america #29 (august 1964).
two award include medal athlete win medal heavyweight pulev bronze boxer tervel only||only two medals were awarded to the athletes, including the bronze medal won by heavyweight boxer tervel pulev.
un agency number iom other estimate idp vulnerable somalia group highly rise that 3 june june april fail average entirely rain if million||iom and other un agencies estimate that the number of idps, a highly vulnerable group in somalia, will rise to 3 million by june if the april-june rains are below average or fail entirely.
first mcgowan long appearance episode half young lose mark sister matthews rose paige doherty follow departure shannen||the episode marked the first appearance of rose mcgowan as the long-lost younger half-sister paige matthews, following the departure of shannen doherty.
administrative jamaica jaaa govern athletics association national track sport include body distance racewalke jamaica field long running athletic||the jamaica athletics administrative association (jaaa) is the national governing body for the sport of athletics (including track and field, long-distance running and racewalking) in jamaica.
1889 oskari may hollola lehtonen 23 29 july bank politician director finnish 1964 lawyer||oskari lehtonen (29 may 1889, hollola - 23 july 1964) was a finnish lawyer, bank director and politician.
attendance elementary organize list area school high identify feed school school||the list is organized by the attendance area of each elementary school, identifying the high school the school feeds into.
census have population people live time 553 nepal household 3942 individual 1991||at the time of the 1991 nepal census it had a population of 3942 people living in 553 individual households.
since october six be successfully zoo now institution breed 91 2011||six of these zoos have successfully bred them since october 2011 and there are now 91 of them in these institutions.
album year dominate broods best win award pop best radio year album record group airplay||the awards were dominated by broods, who won album of the year, best group, best pop album, and radio airplay record of the year.
balancing traffic base rather load load default use gateway number host router thus||thus, by default, load balancing is not based on traffic load, but rather on the number of hosts that will use each gateway router.
motivala actress indian kainaz||kainaz motivala is an indian actress.
fun book focus parody exclusively subculture although poke||the book pokes fun at this subculture, although it does not focus exclusively on parody.
no.120 two seat engine hydro design biplane romanian single single float seaplane configure||the hydro no.120 was a romanian-designed two-seat, single-engine biplane configured as a single-float seaplane.
run council library county oxfordshire||the library is run by oxfordshire county council.
ground zero poster psychedelic||it was "ground zero" for the psychedelic poster.
peter sunken try when mercedes salvage peter half heartedly helpful guy benz promise dolphin favor||when peter and the guys try to salvage a sunken mercedes-benz, peter half-heartedly promises a favor to a helpful dolphin.
1913 lafayette indiana engineering co. lafayette build||it was built in 1913 by the lafayette engineering co. of lafayette, indiana.
household law canada form complete census||by law, every household must complete the canada census form.
southern rice slave family move hold texas civil war as sympathizer||as slave holding southern sympathizers, rice and his family moved to texas during the civil war.
harrach el usm alger win first 3 championnat 0 algerian usm beat||usm el harrach beat usm alger 3-0 to win their first algerian championnat.
kinnock election % win vote remain 89 1992 when defeat leadership leader 1992 labor general election resign||kinnock won the election with 89% of the vote and remained leader until 1992, when he resigned the leadership after labor's defeat in the 1992 general election.
palayam maravars rule sivagiri also||sivagiri palayam is also ruled by maravars.
describe brown james richard band little connor put drummer rhythm first funk||james brown described little richard and his band, with connor as the drummer, as "the first to put funk into the rhythm."
william bear 23 monkhouse october 1980 english footballer professional town andrew whitby play winger||andrew william monkhouse (born 23 october 1980) is an english professional footballer who plays as a winger for whitby town.
hold company own ron businessman also own sister station 2bs privately ltd. bathurst camplin local||ltd., a privately held company, owned by local businessman ron camplin, who also owns sister station 2bs bathurst.
subgriseata butterfly family lycaenidae cephetola||cephetola subgriseata is a butterfly in the family lycaenidae.
bulgarian essentially secret arm communist service committee state 1992 export import party control security heavy weapon cigarette corporation kintex sale||until 1992 essentially an arm of the bulgarian communist party's secret service, the committee for state security, kintex was an import-export corporation, which controlled the sale of everything from cigarettes to heavy weapons.
ontario test secondary school osslt literacy 10 student use reading assess writing skill grade||the ontario secondary school literacy test (osslt) is used to assess grade 10 students' skills in reading and writing.
part recover endanger range other||it is endangered in parts of its range, but recovering in others.
though much more non likely - thing probably dinosaur dubious||it was probably neither of these things, though, and is much more likely to be a dubious non-dinosaur.
lake county kandiyohi lake state minnesota u.s. solomon||solomon lake is a lake in kandiyohi county, in the u.s. state of minnesota.
champion road national swiss 1913 race||he was the swiss national road race champion in 1913.
robustus prairie beetle scarab ataenius saline dung aphodiine family species scarabaeidae beetle||ataenius robustus, the saline prairie scarab beetle, is a species of aphodiine dung beetle in the family scarabaeidae.
also library library university stockholm 1.4 million 2012 visitor public||stockholm university library is also a public library with over 1.4 million visitors in 2012.
first kosc umpire perfect len may 1981 15 base witt barker game september game plate mike only perfect one 30 umpire perfect 1984 two game work seven||kosc was the first base umpire for len barker's perfect game on may 15, 1981, and was behind the plate for mike witt's perfect game on september 30, 1984; he is one of only seven umpires to have worked in two perfect games.
annenberg m.a. communication school earn usc||she earned her m.a. from usc annenberg school for communication.
cpla labor action wing conference political left organization establish a. 1929 muste progressive director j. college brookwood labor may american||the conference for progressive labor action (cpla) was a left-wing american political organization established in may 1929 by a. j. muste, the director of brookwood labor college.
project found company labs anupam michigan design pathak student lift ph.d. university||the company which designed the projects, lift labs, was founded by anupam pathak, a university of michigan ph.d. student.
now jugular records independent label release defunct||it was released through the now defunct independent label, jugular records.
program more few however voice support six use||few programs supported using it for more than six voices, however.
demo album pop american rock release hanson mmmbop independently boomerang 1995 group 1996||mmmbop is a demo album by american pop rock group hanson, released in 1996 independently after boomerang (1995).
create 4 debut 1983 rik americomics levins october||created by rik levins, she debuted in americomics #4 (october 1983).
have 200 club inaugural membership long list first club luncheon 70 open 15 waiting new when street broadway manhattan||the club had an inaugural membership of 200, with a "long waiting list", when it first opened as the luncheon club at 70 broadway and 15 new street, manhattan.
choice that teach economic public where group stake substantial financial issue politicize have likely||public choice economics teaches that any issue where any group has a substantial financial stake is likely to be politicized.
undergo extensive spades restoration 1987 library||the spades library underwent an extensive restoration in 1987.
dighe senior chintamani party sena dharmaveer shiv anand district leader thane unit shiv chief party sena||dharmaveer anand chintamani dighe was a senior shiv sena party leader and thane district unit chief of shiv sena party.
artist feature cole ari include j. dreamville well as hamilton cj lennox bas||it includes features from dreamville artists, j. cole, ari lennox and bas, as well as cj hamilton.
root word matrimonium institution matrimony english word function define main||the word matrimonium, the root for the english word "matrimony", defines the institution's main function.
that claim jordan canon doctoral theology tenured law private degree university work hold professor||jordan claimed that he held doctoral degrees in theology and canon law and worked as a tenured professor at a private university.
intelligence artificial haywire go a.r.t. want now system redesign computer earth game chaotic||in this game a.r.t., a computer with artificial intelligence, has gone haywire, and now wants to "redesign the chaotic system that is earth".
17 southwestern corner fort route about leonard mile two east missouri wood||missouri route 17 and the southwestern corner of fort leonard wood are about two miles to the east.
22nd united resident representatives states ron represent house district klein democrat||the residents of the 22nd district are represented in the united states house of representatives by democrat ron klein.
afrasia open man gc professional bank mauritius - golf tour sanction european tournament sunshine tour tour co asian||gc the afrasia bank mauritius open is a men's professional golf tournament, co-sanctioned by the european tour, sunshine tour, and asian tour.
summer winter games since televise olympic states 1960 united||the olympic games (summer and winter) have been televised in the united states since 1960.
80.7 voter turnout 55.4 proper % denmark faroes %||voter turnout was 80.7% in denmark proper and 55.4% in the faroes.
mrs. lilly anheuser anheuser adolphus marry busch wilhelmina schuttler sister||it was mrs. wilhelmina anheuser schuttler's sister, lilly anheuser, who married adolphus busch.
year pre bc 448 julian roman - calendar year||year 448 bc was a year of the pre-julian roman calendar.
24 1935 box march bear abley victoria hill kevin australia||kevin abley was born on 24 march 1935, in box hill, victoria, australia.
eastern island beach nature situate dutch locate also reserve karang bolong know fortress old end||located on the eastern end of the island inside a nature reserve, the beach is situated near an old dutch fortress, also known as karang bolong.
chemical formula hydrocarbon decyne c10h18 alkyne -||1-decyne is an alkyne hydrocarbon with the chemical formula c10h18.
allow audio listen teacher student wire hard analog system manage deck base location booth fix sound tape||they allowed a teacher to listen to and manage student audio via a hard-wired analog tape deck based systems with 'sound booths' in fixed locations.
since contribution expand similar schizophrenia work research stress program identification lead include disorder panel dna risk marker rna alcoholism illness severity disease prediction||since these contributions, his research program has expanded to include similar work on schizophrenia alcoholism and stress disorders leading to the identification of panels of dna and rna markers for disease risk prediction and severity of illness.
holy college college university list now heritage build belgium ghost flanders leuven one||holy ghost college was one of the colleges of leuven university, now listed as built heritage of flanders, belgium.
carry time deportation punishable permit hard year labor failure||failure to carry the permit at all times was punishable by deportation or a year of hard labor.
experience lake flooding spring 2008 summer high pewaukee water||pewaukee lake experienced high waters and flooding during the spring and summer of 2008.
2008 ds ds december sell combine 28 lite unit 25,135,276 japan dsi accord enterbrain||as of december 28, 2008, the ds, ds lite, and dsi combined to sell 25,135,276 units in japan, according to enterbrain.
house canadian dj music american ephwurd datsik haus formerly make 2015 summer bais form||ephwurd is a canadian-american house music dj that was formerly made up of datsik and bais haus that was formed in the summer of 2015.
emeritus pediatric professor pediatric allergy currently university clinic florida head||he is currently a professor emeritus of pediatrics and head of the pediatric allergy clinic at the university of florida.
hour le 1966 race mans sports improved 6 race touring production endurance series cars production cars touring cars||the 1966 le mans 6 hour race was an endurance race for sports cars, improved production touring cars and series production touring cars.
county choose captain senior win other championship football club galway||unlike other counties the captain is not chosen from the club that has won the galway senior football championship.
send copy refund week instead subscriber get||instead of getting a refund, subscribers were sent copies of the week.
cup 60th 1972 gray win 72nd cup also 2008 winnipeg john canadian football hall 1984.in gray fame induct hamilton||he also won the 60th gray cup with hamilton in 1972 and the 72nd gray cup with winnipeg in 1984.in 2008, john was inducted into the canadian football hall of fame.
league footballer australian competition allen new south wales league rugby nswrl rugby||a allen was a rugby league footballer in the australian competition the new south wales rugby league (nswrl).
huskies nickname||their nickname is the huskies.
umkc city missouri one kansas locate system collectively university campus missouri four one 2 medical school only constitute||located in kansas city, missouri, umkc is one of four system campuses that collectively constitute the university of missouri, and one of only 2 with a medical school.
asia pacific hold cobra thailand exercise gold year military||cobra gold is an asia-pacific military exercise held in thailand every year.
may baer 16 death alfredo date bear unknown brazilian 1907 rower||alfredo de baer (born 16 may 1907, date of death unknown) was a brazilian rower.
vessel horten yard yard naval build 72 have number||the vessel was built at the naval yard at horten, and had yard number 72.
ida ida guillory lewis january queen 1929 bear louisiana accordionist creole 15||ida lewis "queen ida" guillory (born january 15, 1929) is a louisiana creole accordionist.
john hall dr stand wife take relationship husband accuser slander court suspicious when||her husband, dr john hall, is suspicious of their relationship, but stands up for his wife when she takes her accuser to court for slander.
smith mayor j. l. dallas 1861 texas shoot 1867 death||j. l. smith was mayor of dallas, texas in 1861; he was shot to death in 1867.
type australia motorsport sanction motor australian autocross confederation define cams speed event sport two course less dirt long stage kilometer||autocross in australia is type of motorsport sanctioned by the confederation of australian motor sport (cams), which defines it as a speed event staged on a dirt course less than two kilometers long.
cruenta genus endotricha endotricha species moth snout||endotricha cruenta is a species of snout moth in the genus endotricha.
columbia british emergency bcehs bcas health jurisdiction services fall provincial manage services phsa health authority||bcas is managed by british columbia emergency health services (bcehs) and falls under the jurisdiction of the provincial health services authority (phsa).
7 link locate highway primary highway calgary saskatchewan alberta saskatoon||it is located along highway 7, a primary highway linking calgary, alberta and saskatoon, saskatchewan.
endemic mountain range tree china shaanxi gansu sichuan provinces locate qinghai ningxia||the tree is endemic to mountain ranges of china, located within shaanxi, gansu, ningxia, qinghai and sichuan provinces.
eragon york times eldest become bestseller new||like eragon, eldest became a new york times bestseller.
north 726 11 pacific kilometer sydney highway woodburn kilometer east||it is 726 kilometers north of sydney, and 11 kilometers east off the pacific highway from woodburn.
placer build flume facilitate montrose mining gold mining 1880 company||the montrose placer mining company built the flume in the 1880s to facilitate gold mining.
numerous area dewberry acquire historically property point know propose pershing uptown atlanta dewberry call||dewberry has acquired numerous properties in the area, historically known as pershing point but which dewberry proposes to call "uptown atlanta".
washington galena east form 22 february name township township 1859 township 1859 change 16 rice june||it was formed as washington township from east galena township on february 22, 1859; its name changed to rice township on june 16, 1859.
corrections region only nearby northland prison northland facility||the nearby northland region corrections facility is the only prison in northland.
nannoarctia family erebidae tripartita moth||nannoarctia tripartita is a moth of the family erebidae.
grammar girl peterborough county school all female grammar england peterborough school cambridgeshire||the peterborough county grammar school for girls was an all-female grammar school in peterborough, cambridgeshire, england.
bourbon include beasts scientists s. record roster rowland party hooper brian henry drones club gun howard pierce lee birthday jeffrey||records roster include the beasts of bourbon, the scientists, rowland s. howard of the birthday party, brian henry hooper, the drones, the gun club and jeffrey lee pierce.
then 2015 twice again week two win 2016 2018||he won again in 2015 and 2016 and then twice in two weeks in 2018.
film different ending word abortion excise have play play script when screenplay adapt film||the play and the film each had different endings, and the word abortion was excised from the play's script when it was adapted into the film's screenplay.
weekly asian asian northwest base newspaper american weekly district washington international seattle||the northwest asian weekly is a weekly asian american newspaper based in seattle, washington's international district.
national 2007 magic retire four after new join cup bank zealand championship anz new new other region represent franchise plenty bay waikato zealand||after the national bank cup was retired in 2007, the magic joined four other new zealand franchises in the new anz championship, representing the new zealand regions of the waikato and the bay of plenty.
responsible allegedly plane unita shoot||unita was allegedly responsible for shooting down the plane.
survive few 101 one age tierney olympic centenarian||tierney survived until age 101, one of the few olympic centenarians.
give racah polynomial example||the racah polynomials give an example of this.
independent affiliate progressive party political||he is a progressive independent not affiliated to any political party.
assault ship twelfth marine vessel amphibious foudre lead bear class ship nationale dock foudre landing platform name||foudre was an amphibious assault ship of the marine nationale, the twelfth vessel to bear the name, and lead ship of the foudre-class landing platform docks.
show k patchogue bronx appear murray morrow frontierland co at bill bruce freedomland show earls five park - palisades five satins disks||they appeared at murray the k's shows at frontierland in patchogue and freedomland in the bronx, at bruce morrow shows co-billing the earls and the five disks, and at palisades park with the five satins.
model tool require glue make version although assembly assembly package provide instruction component manual paper supply extensive||the paper, glue and model making tools required for assembly were not supplied with any version of the package, although assembly instructions for components were provided in the extensive manual.
singer margaret opera ismay||margaret ismay was an opera singer.
snostorm3 structured snobol4 language programming add snostorm version construct||snostorm (snostorm3) is a version of the snobol4 language with structured programming constructs added.
ulidiid picture terpnomyia angustifron fly family tephritidae wing genus terpnomyia species||terpnomyia angustifrons is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus terpnomyia of the family tephritidae.
also album x second 12 1964 release us 5||it was also released on their second us album 12 x 5 in 1964.
base shenzhen control company intouch china quality||intouch is a quality control company based in shenzhen, china.
all maroon closely more dark - pre nationalization resemble lms 1956 re livery except - region introduce where locomotive stock generally coach stock july paint haul southern green 1956 express western number region carriage traditional style cream gwr small chocolate||in 1956 an all-over darker maroon, which more closely resembled the pre-nationalization lms livery, was re-introduced, except for the southern region, where locomotive-hauled stock was generally painted 'coaching stock' green (from july 1956-on) and a small number of express carriages on the western region which were in traditional gwr-style chocolate and cream.
florida dogwood cornus flower plant flowering species native family cornaceae america mexico north eastern northern||cornus florida, the flowering dogwood, is a species of flowering plant in the family cornaceae native to eastern north america and northern mexico.
cool 2g1 water mitsubishi iron block twin engine two cylinder mitsubishi motors car engine class stroke kei 1968 build||the mitsubishi 2g1 engine is a water-cooled iron-block two-stroke twin-cylinder engine built by mitsubishi motors for the kei car class from 1968.
simpleton patham tamil english 1970 pasali film direct language comedy write balachander drama k.||patham pasali (english: simpleton) is a 1970 tamil-language comedy-drama film written and directed by k. balachander.
specific smart grant major only list complete below eligible give||only specific majors were eligible for the smart grant, the complete list is given below.
transmission bellhousing however transmission nonremovable case part||however, on some transmissions, the bellhousing is a nonremovable part of the transmission case.
be threat numerous federal presence marshals require child black death elementary frantz ruby bridges attendance||there were numerous death threats against the black children and the presence of federal marshals was required for ruby bridges for her attendance at frantz elementary.
active naval squadron countermeasure reserve atlantic fleet mine assign two us||she was assigned to the active naval reserve, mine countermeasures squadron two, us atlantic fleet.
house small garden enormous relatively south diversity indigenous plant introduce specie africa||the garden is relatively small and houses an enormous diversity of plants, both indigenous to south africa and introduced species.
2 mcguire bear november patrick honolulu brian danish 1946 hawaii professor author history emeritus lecturer american||brian patrick mcguire (born 2 november 1946, honolulu, hawaii) is an american danish professor emeritus of history, lecturer and author.
english allerdale district oughterby county hamlet cumbria||oughterby is a hamlet in the allerdale district, in the english county of cumbria.
gnaphosa family ground species gnaphosidae sericata spider||gnaphosa sericata is a species of ground spider in the family gnaphosidae.
probate instance researcher kin work next trace professional||in all these instances, professional probate researchers work to trace the next-of-kin.
leymus triticoide creep wild wild rye beardless species name rye common rye wild||leymus triticoides, with the common names creeping wild rye and beardless wild rye, is a species of wild rye.
ancestry long steamship at back date 1783 when least marquis de have jouffray boat little seine steam d'abbans pyroscaphe||the steamship has a long ancestry, dating back at least to 1783 when the marquis de jouffray d'abbans steamed his little boat, the pyroscaphe, across the seine.
act anent make war security union peace repeal december void formally 1707 act||the union made the act anent peace and war and the act of security void, and they were formally repealed in december 1707.
film shyam feature musical score||the film featured a musical score by shyam.
run one short solarroller time meter one possible competition||in competitions between solarrollers, each one must run one meter in the shortest time possible.
september game 15 play arena china 2018 cadillac beijing||the game will be played on 15 september 2018 in the cadillac arena in beijing, china.
city album lemon first modey record line third current up curious||the curious city is modey lemon's third album and was the first to be recorded with the current line-up.
pedersen competitive norwegian 1992 ipsc european mark handgun 1985 shooter championship ipsc flemme handgun championship nordic win||flemming mark pedersen is a norwegian competitive shooter who won the 1992 ipsc european handgun championship and 1985 ipsc nordic handgun championship.
borshoff two american time all head name kyle american university coach||kyle borshoff, a two-time all-american at american university, was named head coach.
set king orient adventure exiled show family quest become arthur prince one round knights table time go||set in the time of king arthur, it is a family-oriented adventure show about an exiled prince who goes on a quest to become one of the knights of the round table.
development despite rough 18 game september launch||despite a rough development, the game launched on september 18.
trotskyist one organization found alternative member socialist also sa five one austudy||he is one of the founding members of the trotskyist organization socialist alternative (sa) and was also one of the austudy five.
recording catalog release 40235 records columbia number||his recording was released by columbia records as catalog number 40235.
nadu search livelihood migrate tamil first almost island human where find settle being||the first being those who migrated from tamil nadu in search of livelihood and are found in almost all the islands where human beings are settled.
live encourage take program twitter facebook four part viewer||four live encouraged viewers to take part in the program through facebook and twitter.
simple low cost process throughput high high nanolithography resolution||it is a simple nanolithography process with low cost, high throughput and high resolution.
artist local architect lorenz susanne gil create spanish life city enliven amp neglect long spree wilk stretch||it was created by local artist, susanne lorenz, with spanish architects amp and gil wilk, to enliven city life along a long-neglected stretch of the spree.
number incident harry also lead relate particular legal almost lead action controversy potter||outside these controversies, a number of particular incidents related to harry potter have also led, or almost led, to legal action.
sell 3.6 us january million make one most song rock copy download 2015||it has sold 3.6 million copies in the us as of january 2015, making it one of the most downloaded rock songs.
child film 1953 book dutch m. abeltje base annie schmidt g.||the film was based on the 1953 dutch children's book abeltje by annie m. g. schmidt.
hand cup eternal raise miner upwards flame||in the hands of the miner is a cup with the eternal flame, which is raised upwards.
cantata structure first movement aria six unite then voice aria bach finally recitative alternate chorale recitative||bach structured the cantata in six movements, first alternating arias and recitative, then uniting the voices in recitative and aria, finally a chorale.
mbe carthy bear eliza august 1975 english singing play know folk fiddle musician 23||eliza carthy, mbe (born 23 august 1975) is an english folk musician known for both singing and playing fiddle.
note project aurora dog pursuit||he is noted for his dogged pursuit of the aurora project.
shock top eastern detroit defeat angeles los seed seed champion champion top conference sparks conference good game series three one two western||the detroit shock, top-seeded champions of the eastern conference, defeated the los angeles sparks, top-seeded champions of the western conference, two games to one in a best-of-three series.
studio debut rock japanese rock wolf wolf release album vinyl 1993 guitar u.s. lp japan disk band release 1995 later july compact||wolf rock! is the debut studio album of the japanese rock band guitar wolf, released in the u.s. on vinyl lp in 1993, and later released in japan on compact disk in july 1995.
chronicle prince viserys brother relationship succession king daemon evolve first even marriage daughter son have second though cement marriage play princess queen plan targaryens rivalry||it chronicles the evolving relationship between viserys and his brother prince daemon, and the king's plan for succession to his daughter from his first marriage even though he has a son from his second marriage, which cements a rivalry within the targaryens that plays out in the princess and the queen.
electrical etu australia union union trade history have back australia stretch 100 year trades||the electrical trades union of australia (etu) is a trade union in australia which has a history stretching back over 100 years.
module financial human research resources administration kuali student include library||kuali modules include student, financial, human resources, research administration, and library.
consider severe replacement when dysfunction treatment joint joint less pain alleviate therapy invasive||joint replacement is considered as a treatment when severe joint pain or dysfunction is not alleviated by less-invasive therapies.
tedei know otherwise people australian thirrily australia indigenous western||the tedei, otherwise known as the thirrily, are an indigenous australian people of western australia.
shelter photo exist show||a photo exists showing a shelter.
merong specifically part gendhing initial||specifically, the merong is the initial part of a gendhing.
series 2008 move newly lincoln way orchestra north open high frankfort square school performance||in 2008, the orchestra moved the performance series to the newly opened lincoln way north high school in frankfort square.
approach calculus how influence setting stress individual behavior strategic how interaction institutional outcome policy determine explain||this 'calculus approach' explains how the institutional setting influences individual behavior and stresses how strategic interaction determines policy outcomes.
318 year plebiscite bc ovinium plebiscitum power censor roman ovinian power magistrate roman give end retain republic||around the year 318 bc, the "ovinian plebiscite" (plebiscitum ovinium) gave this power to another roman magistrate, the censor, who retained this power until the end of the roman republic.
only subgroup scarabaeiformia scarabaeoidea beetle infraorder superfamily||scarabaeoidea is a superfamily of beetles, the only subgroup of the infraorder scarabaeiformia.
paint where third apply wagon story trim||the third story is where paint and trim were applied to the wagons.
state part park mackinac stand island harbor edge island round mackinac island just channel east mackinac island downtown||it is part of mackinac island state park and stands on the edge of mackinac island's harbor on the round island channel and just east of downtown mackinac island.
sap jap 1942 one mr. cartoon sailor popeye release short reel paramount animate pictures subject||you're a sap, mr. jap is a 1942 one-reel popeye the sailor animated cartoon short subject released by paramount pictures.
mississippi lineman defensive bear belzoni minnesota university||he was born in belzoni, mississippi and was a defensive lineman at the university of minnesota.
guide 1994 encyclopedia information trek television universe film future star reference series||a reference guide to the future is a 1994 encyclopedia of in-universe information from the star trek television series and films.
private institution santa old maria bulacan education||it is the oldest private education institution in santa maria, bulacan.
then definition structure set lattice constitute task||then, by definition, the set of tasks constitute a lattice structure.
move spend huddersfield town less season 2000 mcalpine hay stadium two successful||in 2000, hay moved to huddersfield town and spent two less successful seasons at the mcalpine stadium.
further cirillo francesco three giovanni letizia caterino emilio people di giuseppe order suspect setola murder casalesi involvement clan affiliate||a further three people, francesco cirillo, emilio di caterino and giovanni letizia, have been suspected of involvement in the murders, which were ordered by giuseppe setola, affiliated with the casalesi clan.
district thanjavur tamil taluk nadu state indian thanjavur||thanjavur is a taluk of thanjavur district of the indian state of tamil nadu.
two change rename ownership 1924 subsequent follow constance||following two subsequent changes in ownership, she was renamed constance in 1924.
fiji since country represent international 2002 play seven tournament many seven rugby board||he has played sevens for fiji since 2002, representing his country in many international rugby board sevens tournaments.
f # often most cross common use platform - infrastructure language also graphic javascript cli unit code gpu processing generate language||f# is most often used as a cross-platform common language infrastructure (cli) language, but it can also generate javascript and graphics processing unit (gpu) code.
singapore locate headquarters geylang||its headquarters is located in geylang, singapore.
describe rainer as 1999 amazonicus first dendrobates separate schulte dendrobates when primarily call characteristic ventrimaculatus basis||it was first described by rainer schulte in 1999 as dendrobates amazonicus when he separated it from dendrobates ventrimaculatus, primarily on the basis of call characteristics.
activity affect law different other vary country zoophilic jurisdiction - national sub||laws affecting zoophilic activities vary across different countries and other sub-national jurisdictions.
liohippelate genus gnat eye family chloropidae||liohippelates is a genus of eye gnats in the family chloropidae.
conserve act module hedgehog sonic highly locate cis intron gene gene regulatory protein||a highly conserved, cis-acting regulatory module for the sonic hedgehog (protein) gene is located within an intron of this gene.
film e. donald carolyn story westlake lefcourt write garfield westlake brian||the film was written by donald e. westlake, from a story by westlake, carolyn lefcourt, and brian garfield.
goalkeeper keodouangdeth absence senior game play 2014 challenge cup laos three afc||in the absence of senior goalkeepers keodouangdeth played in all three of laos' games at the 2014 afc challenge cup.
full annually two length include classical holiday ballet nutcracker present smb performance other classical spring repertoire ballet ballet||smb annually presents two full-length classical ballets, including the holiday ballet the nutcracker and a performance each spring of other ballets from the classical repertoire.
woman song detail troubled relationship man abusive||the song details a troubled relationship between a woman and a man who is abusive towards her.
also activity stone block use refer mason term engineering dress architecture building civil||the term also refers to the activity of masons in dressing stone blocks for use in architecture, building or civil engineering.
madonna 2008 riff use song part tour groove sweet sticky performance||in 2008, madonna used the song's riff for her performance of "into the groove", part of the sticky & sweet tour.
start research program doctoral specific policy field have sweden newly first||it has a newly started doctoral program in research policy, which is the first in the specific field in sweden.
evelyn august 22 2006 die||evelyn died august 22, 2006.
execution states period decade method use philippines several united||this execution method has been used in the united states and, for a period of several decades, in the philippines.
fish may 2 bear angeles california retired los sal 1939 president ceo international lead body score desert sport racing sanctioning||sal fish (born may 2, 1939 in los angeles, california) is a retired ceo/president of score international, the leading sanctioning body in the sport of desert racing.
lead discovery area important research only discovery namely bnabs vaccine also mutate hiv other rapidly virus influenza limit||the discovery of bnabs has led to an important area of research, namely, discovery of a vaccine, not only limited to hiv, but also other rapidly mutating viruses like influenza, etc.
following episode season series fifth rogers list 1972 mister neighborhood air pbs||the following is a list of episodes from the fifth season of the pbs series, mister rogers' neighborhood, which aired in 1972.
magness march 18 gray arthur real 1920 1980 december developer northern county new estate castle 17 delaware||arthur tember 2015 after a major reshuffle in somali force leaders including police.
july ii phase trial clinical breast cancer seviteronel prostate cancer 2017||as of july 2017, seviteronel is in phase ii clinical trials for both prostate cancer and breast cancer.
kevin new reform group member 2015 weatherill||in 2015 kevin weatherill reformed the group with new members.
plum bear 1969 december 4 journalist bear novelist english socialite fashion sykes||"plum" sykes (born 4 december 1969) is an english-born fashion journalist, novelist, and socialite.
mona sign van two wieren novel bloom rhapsody also receive rita||she also signed two novels as mona van wieren and she received a rita for rhapsody in bloom.
dirtcar block big dirt modified 777 track northeast race circle||he races the #777 dirtcar big block modified at dirt track circles in the northeast.
appetizer tostadas menu enchiladas dessert salad include quesadillas soup beverage burritos tacos||its menu includes appetizers, tostadas, salads, burritos, desserts, enchiladas, tacos, quesadillas, soups, and beverages.
rounded evenly saddle nearly lateral symmetrical first||the first lateral saddle is evenly rounded and is nearly symmetrical.
macintosh write computer fish now tropical||he now writes about tropical fish and macintosh computers.
only antonine fort one two stone find castlecary other wall rampart||it is one of only two forts on the antonine wall to have been found with stone ramparts; the other is castlecary.
sumba voice consider base distinct myzomela||it is considered distinct from the sumba myzomela based on voice.
even member other framing manager collude forge group - non member signature participating if group||no framing even if all other group members (and the managers) collude, they cannot forge a signature for a non-participating group member.
national 2015 team u.s. where world backs continue attack rugby coach cup||he continued with the u.s. national team through to the 2015 rugby world cup, where he was the backs/attack coach.
two sonaca training 200 aircraft belgian aircraft seat sonaca build design||the sonaca 200 is a belgian two-seat training aircraft designed and built by sonaca aircraft.
industrial form viktim philadelphia south jersey band 1996 area metal||viktim is an industrial metal band formed in 1996 in the philadelphia area of south jersey.
release upon record generally receive critic favorable review||upon its release, the record received generally favorable reviews from critics.
area industry be active shipbuilding trade diversity pottery include workshop tanning||a shipbuilding industry was active in the area, and there were workshops for a diversity of trades, including pottery and tanning.
public open mpl source license software free license mozilla maintain mozilla foundation develop||the mozilla public license (mpl) is a free and open source software license developed and maintained by the mozilla foundation.
die january 1 hales 1608 john owner tract two whitefriars coventry print marprelate press secret||john hales (died 1 january 1608) was the owner of the whitefriars in coventry at which two of the marprelate tracts were printed on a secret press.
fm station knbj minnesota radio license bemidji 91.3||knbj (91.3 fm) is a radio station licensed to bemidji, minnesota.
foxes vocal feature||it features the vocals from foxes.
prior give film open 31 2004 december||they were given for films opening prior to december 31, 2004.
describe story bomb then detail atomic secret||the story described the then-secret atomic bomb in some detail.
subsequent revision numerous standard most 2013 undergo recent being||the standard has undergone numerous subsequent revisions, the most recent being in 2013.
coastal drug patrol hometown inlet plethora because gentleman south most familiarity carolina frequent offload lax smuggler destination drug||because of lax drug coastal patrols, hometown familiarity and a plethora of inlets, south carolina was the gentlemen smugglers' most frequent destination for offloading drugs.
department bispebjerg neurology copenhagen hospital conduct research||she conducts her research at the department of neurology, bispebjerg hospital, copenhagen.
river bridge kooragang new stockton stockton south australia bay hunter nelson road bridge wales route newcastle b63 transport port stephens main tilligerry peninsula tomaree||the stockton bridge is a bridge across the hunter river between kooragang and stockton in new south wales, australia on nelson bay road (b63), the main transport route between newcastle and the tilligerry and tomaree peninsulas in port stephens.
route streetcar 514 toronto system ontario toronto canada streetcar cherry||the 514 cherry is a streetcar route of the toronto streetcar system in toronto, ontario, canada.
rajah buayan rajah officially municipality municipality 6th buayan province philippines class maguindanao||rajah buayan, officially the municipality of rajah buayan, is a 6th class municipality in the province of maguindanao, philippines.
also 10029 code know encoding page||this encoding is also known as code page 10029.
track several band album rock available||several of the album tracks are available for rock band.
entertainment iphone appy ipod touch inc. developer game primarily mobile tablet device video focus american||appy entertainment, inc., is an american iphone and ipod touch video-game developer focusing primarily on mobile and tablet devices. .
353 353rd sog operations special united unit group states special force air operational command operations||the 353rd special operations group (353 sog) is an operational unit of the united states air force special operations command.
mccowan elizabeth new cnzm zealand lesley margaret medical maternal academic specialize health researcher||lesley margaret elizabeth mccowan (cnzm) is a new zealand medical researcher and academic specializing in maternal health.
concentrate however 1990 produce novel since||however, since the 1990s he has concentrated on producing novels.
governor award administer literary book prizes writer excellence lieutenant bc significantly recognize development contribute columbia literary excellence as well substantial write british literary career body work||the lieutenant governor's award for literary excellence is administered by the bc book prizes and recognizes a writer who has contributed significantly to the development of literary excellence in british columbia, as well as having written a substantial body of literary work throughout his or her career.
painter raja ravivarma before receive brush renowned award documentary dropped nalacharitham kerala state base kathakali ancham receive kerala award divasam prestigious kalamandalam||a documentary of renowned painter raja ravivarma, before the brush dropped received the kerala state award and nalacharitham ancham divasam, based on kathakali, received the prestigious kerala kalamandalam award.
parvula spikesedge common name species small know spikerush spikerush aquaria hairgrass dwarf eleocharis||eleocharis parvula is a species of spikesedge known by the common names dwarf spikerush, small spikerush and hairgrass in aquaria.
start club corporation student organization campus look counterpart demand satisfy need adult||clubs are started by either corporations, counterpart adult organizations, or campus students looking to satisfy a need or demand.
joint school cebu host re - - re authorization international wasc visit september cis accreditation 2017 ib||cebu international school hosted a joint re-accreditation/re-authorization visit by cis, wasc and the ib in september 2017.
small town bellingen north way waterfall south mid coast new australia wales||bellingen is a small town on waterfall way on the mid north coast of new south wales, australia.
ranch formation geologic formation texas skinner||the skinner ranch formation is a geologic formation in texas.
hadlow onzm bear mark 1957 zealand actor comedian australian selwyn new||mark selwyn hadlow onzm (born 1957) is a new zealand-australian actor and comedian.
mbe carthy bear eliza august 1975 english singing play know folk fiddle musician 23||eliza carthy, mbe (born 23 august 1975) is an english folk musician known for both singing and playing fiddle.
specie roach rutilus fish hesperoleucus depend locality genera call||fishes called roach can be any species of the genera rutilus and hesperoleucus, depending on locality.
church saint venerate||he is venerated as a saint by his church.
reggae rise capleton album fifteenth studio dancehall 15 may 2007 release artist||rise them up is reggae, dancehall artist capleton's fifteenth studio album, released on may 15, 2007.
various mineral high white sugar muscovado process contain level healthy consider||muscovado contains higher levels of various minerals than processed white sugar, and is considered by some to be healthier.
receive personal more mixed little raw music critic praise lohan consider review album ambition despite weak||a little more personal (raw) received mixed reviews from music critics, who praised lohan's ambition, despite considering it a weak album.
join national impact organize 15 protest november day 2008||join the impact organized a national day of protest on november 15, 2008.
instrumental excerpt music album compose first three science season fiction american score files snow television - resident series composer x||the album is composed of excerpts of instrumental music scores from the first three seasons of the american science fiction television series the x-files, on which snow was the resident composer.
infantry rifle russian 12th imperial siberian formation army division||the 12th siberian rifle division was an infantry formation of the russian imperial army.
child maryland columbia wife two live||he lives with his wife and two children in columbia, maryland.
australian marketing institute board chair||he is chair of the board of the australian marketing institute.
describe 1859 first miles scientifically berkeley joseph||it was first described scientifically in 1859 by miles joseph berkeley.
st principal collette jago feurtado school currently pryce position 2016 high appoint january||the principal at st jago high school is currently collette feurtado-pryce, who was appointed to the position in january 2016.
family trichodesma plant boraginaceae scotti species||trichodesma scotti is a species of plant in the family boraginaceae.
journal review peer analysis music analysis theory specialize academic||analysis is a peer-reviewed academic journal specializing in music theory and analysis.
likely bid 2019 season attain 20 automatic league late||the league will likely attain an automatic bid by the 2019-20 season at the latest.
sell herald publisher bruce hyde sagan company park 1980||the company sold them in 1980 to hyde park herald publisher bruce sagan.
studio as issue subsequent become more popular cd format release||subsequent studio releases were issued on cd as the format became more popular.
basketball downey christian school play orlando high varsity||he plays varsity basketball at downey christian high school in orlando.
afrikaans west other have germanic language especially similar dutch phonology||afrikaans has a similar phonology to other west germanic languages, especially dutch.
relic play since time ancient role local believe important because hold politic relic governance hold that country||since ancient times, the relic has played an important role in local politics because it is believed that whoever holds the relic holds the governance of the country.
specialized canadian royal section photographic rci start become life independent section organization 1888 institute||starting life as a specialized section of the royal canadian institute (rci), the photographic section became an independent organization in 1888.
hospital die morning follow||he died in a hospital the following morning.
2003 cbbc announce competition for child send early invention idea||earlier in 2003 cbbc announced a competition for children to send in their ideas for inventions.
single title stoltenberg jason win||jason stoltenberg won the singles title.
document emperor central scrutinize sheng zhongshu menxia main government proposal criticize policy sheng decision function moral base propriety reason||its main function was to scrutinize documents between the emperor and the central government (zhongshu sheng and menxia sheng), and criticize proposals and policy decisions based on moral and propriety reasons.
publish use international number call phone international start omit prefix sign when country follow call number plus code +97430228608||when phone numbers are published for international use, the international call prefix is omitted, and the number should start with a plus sign (+97430228608) followed by the country calling code.
tour nga rival venture golf tour pro level gateway such||the gateway tour and rival ventures such as the nga pro golf tour are the level below that.
crouse seat 2014 seek leonard january mccaslin appoint spokane instead choose christian county commissioner||mccaslin sought to be appointed to crouse's seat in january 2014, but leonard christian was chosen instead by spokane county commissioners.
ridge zillebeke bellewaerde about 4 east locate little north hooge kilometer ypres||it is located on the bellewaerde ridge near zillebeke, about 4 kilometers east of ypres, and a little north of hooge.
take name play character freeman morgan redemption shawshank ellis film redding||redding take their name from the character ellis redding (played by morgan freeman) in the film the shawshank redemption.
1927 comedy film nut richard american wallace direct paul poor schofield write||the poor nut is a 1927 american comedy film directed by richard wallace and written by paul schofield.
also know association asian professional boxing paba central organization oceania pan eurasia pan boxing pacific southeast east nation far asia||pan asian boxing association also known as paba is an organization for professional boxing in the central asia, oceania, pan pacific, eurasia and southeast and far east nations.
michigan charlevoix west railroad station depot chicago railroad charlevoix avenue locate michigan chicago||the chicago and west michigan railroad charlevoix station is a railroad depot located on chicago avenue in charlevoix, michigan.
work live then london since||since then he has lived and worked in london.
1545 ambrose lowth die politician english||ambrose lowth (died 1545) was an english politician.
soundtrack alu barker train midnight public clive feature radio npr meat radio echoes international||alu is featured on the soundtrack to clive barker's the midnight meat train, public radio international, npr and echoes radio.
rivanna designate census place albemarle county cdp east shadwell virginia just||rivanna is a census-designated place (cdp) in albemarle county, virginia, just east of shadwell.
2011 have census population 3,089 people walkerston||in the 2011 census, walkerston had a population of 3,089 people.
country budapest party treaty 80 july 2016||as of july 2016, 80 countries are party to the budapest treaty.
include blacks international play match 11 one||he played 11 matches for the all blacks including one international.
twenty more film 1978 1999 appear||she appeared in more than twenty films from 1978 to 1999.
spend work ministry agriculture career most||she has spent most of her working career at the ministry of agriculture.
health average suffer complaint breed||the breed suffers from average health complaints.
taiko one large pacific portland group only close counterpart taiko seattle taiko seattle kokon northwest washington||portland taiko is one of the only large taiko groups in the pacific northwest, with their closest counterpart being seattle kokon taiko in seattle, washington.
- see nautilus shell cross section - ammonites cros section polished||these can be seen in cross-sections of a nautilus shell and in the polished cross-sections of ammonites.
record performance electric track 3 july 1971 west fillmore francisco san live auditorium||the tracks were recorded at a live electric performance on july 3, 1971 at the fillmore west auditorium in san francisco.
golden role sun video play develop camelot software planning nintendo publish 2001 game||golden sun is a 2001 role-playing video game developed by camelot software planning and published by nintendo.
food popular kerala nadu maharashtra andhra karnataka west tamil pradesh bengal assam odisha street snack find sale india stall side especially street dhabas tapris highway||it is a popular snack food in kerala, tamil nadu, maharashtra, andhra pradesh, karnataka, assam, west bengal and odisha in india, and can be found for sale in street-side stalls, especially in tapris (on streets) and dhabas (on highways).
eikenes norwegian station eikenes station serve railway eikenes holdeplass norway line larvik vestfold village||eikenes station (norwegian: eikenes holdeplass) is a railway station on the vestfold line serving the village of eikenes in larvik, norway.
second oxo race favorite scudamore ride win stephenson 8/1 train willie michael||the race was won by the 8/1 second-favorite oxo, ridden by michael scudamore and trained by willie stephenson.
22 1988 john april professional brake bear england england london irb sevens union sevens rugby series player world||john brake (born 22 april 1988 in london, england) was a professional rugby union player for england sevens in the irb sevens world series.
1998 special early tap congressman indian india american advisor affair kolluri gephardt||in early 1998, kolluri was tapped to be special advisor to congressman gephardt on india and indian-american affairs.
other derive cynodont contemporary see such cynognathus tooth crown more lumkuia narrow inwardly high top curve||lumkuia can be seen as more derived than other contemporary cynodonts such as cynognathus with the crowns of its teeth high and narrow and having inwardly curving tops.
american actress jazz singer eden atwood||eden atwood is an american jazz singer and actress.
draft rams st. sixth louis nfl round draft play three 2014 trade season 2017 bills buffalo||he was drafted by the st. louis rams in the sixth round of the 2014 nfl draft, playing with them for three seasons before being traded to the buffalo bills in 2017.
low cause maternal frequent blood loss result hypotension circumstance fetal extreme pressure demise consciousness||it is a frequent cause of low maternal blood pressure (hypotension), which can be result in loss of consciousness and in extreme circumstances fetal demise.
michael rev. very cahill meath diocese chaplain||its chaplain is the very rev. michael cahill of the meath diocese.
pacific surprise 2002 northwest u.s. windstorm state valley oregon california nevada february affect south 7 washington 2002 idaho||the south valley surprise of 2002 was a pacific northwest windstorm that affected the u.s. states of oregon, washington, california, nevada, and idaho on february 7, 2002.
significant deficiency reveal training crew judgment investigation||investigation revealed significant deficiencies in the crew's training and judgment.
fall artpark sculpture 1983 create new maquette original buffalo york 1984 dedicate november||an original maquette was created for artpark in the fall of 1983, and the sculpture was dedicated in buffalo, new york in november 1984.
full time just few operation wrrc return week broadcast schedule shortened||after just a few weeks of full-time operations, wrrc returned to a shortened broadcast schedule.
fashion company own house fuchsia business - partner pope design lawren scott also||scott also co-owns the fashion company and design house fuchsia with business partner lawren pope.
television intend series originally amazing feature story steven spielberg executive like stories idea decide that film so producer adapt much||the story was originally intended to be featured in the television series amazing stories, but executive producer steven spielberg liked the idea so much that he decided to adapt it into a film.
june poster feature show july avalon other many 1967 band door ballroom procol include paul blues grateful butterfield band harum miller dead steve santana brother quicksilver big service messenger holding company||in june and july 1967 they were featured on posters for shows at the avalon ballroom with many other bands including the doors, procol harum, the paul butterfield blues band, the grateful dead, steve miller, santana, quicksilver messenger service, and big brother and the holding company.
work strive most develop barrie consistent continuity cast fairly real neverland world live barrie setting story character||most of these strive for continuity with barrie's work, developing a fairly consistent cast of characters living in neverland and the real-world settings of barrie's stories.
concrete make present former presence shrine image temple cult include image offering cult church site votive votive||its present or former presence is made concrete in temples, shrines and churches, and cult images, including cult images and votive offerings at votive sites.
leeds industry work raise swaile textile||swailes was raised in leeds, and worked in the textile industry.
screenplay country world london film film festival feature awards 70 honor include category films films 20 short competition documentaries student films feature advertisements animation competition screenwrite music videos television||the festival honors films and screenplays from over 70 countries around the world, the london film awards features over 20 competition categories including feature films, short films, documentaries, student films, animation, television advertisements, music videos, and a screenwriting competition.
18 group march meet 1896 man associate elizabeth then suburban form resident new know elizabeth club jersey||on march 18, 1896, a group of men, residents of elizabeth, met, associated themselves, and formed what was then known as the suburban club of elizabeth, new jersey.
officer youth servant public worker recreation assembly mildenhall legislative 1992 october footscray elect||mildenhall was a youth worker, recreation officer and public servant before being elected to the legislative assembly for footscray in october 1992.
cover east south wight diocese hampshire isle||the diocese covers south-east hampshire and the isle of wight.
system coordinate identify uniquely square chessboard base||it is based on a system of coordinates to uniquely identify each square on the chessboard.
area large plate effect load dimension high use||larger plate dimensions are used in areas of higher load effects.
only pendulum park after today scream be jet two ride make room windseeker remove||today, there are only two pendulum rides at the park after jet scream was removed to make room for windseeker.
miniature focus twenty henderson collection already consider book world issue when university harvard 1933 undergraduate display fine one||the twenty-one issues focused on miniature books, of which henderson's collection was already considered to be "the finest ... in the world" when he displayed it at harvard university as an undergraduate in 1933.
also relative brecht bertolt||she is also a relative of bertolt brecht.
genus plant flowering monocot acorus||acorus is a genus of monocot flowering plants.
robotic virtual ability behavior allow mechanism device world preview configuration variety system controller try real system apply test world||the ability to preview the behavior of a robotic system in a virtual world allows for a variety of mechanisms, devices, configurations and controllers to be tried and tested before being applied to a "real world" system.
rothaermel frank professor t. scheller business technology college institute alfred sloan fellow studies industry georgia p.||frank t. rothaermel is a professor in the scheller college of business at the georgia institute of technology and an alfred p. sloan industry studies fellow.
mbe gina 1962 bear suffolk long 4 england journalist philanthropist radio presenter charity april global activist entrepreneur campaigner ipswich||gina long mbe (born 4 april 1962 in ipswich, suffolk, england) is a philanthropist, entrepreneur, journalist, radio presenter, global charity campaigner and activist.
liquor one remain only be cuney store 2017||as of 2017, there is only one liquor store remaining in cuney.
regard highly as evidence establish designer speaker such castle manufacturer||it is highly regarded by some speaker designers, as evidenced by established manufacturers such as castle.
williams million jury future past award 1.25 26 income 2010 may lose||williams was awarded $1.25 million by a jury for lost past and future income on may 26, 2010.
even harsh lose torture dignity||they did not lose their dignity even under the harsh torture.
additionally essayist publication other freelance work zhang||additionally, zhang has worked as a freelance essayist for other publications.
here beacon form armada 1588 site part beacon chain plymouth signal london||in 1588 an armada beacon sited here formed part of a chain of signal beacons from london to plymouth.
municipality nijemci administratively part||it is administratively part of the nijemci municipality.
part 150 anniversary victoria establish museum year 1984 museum sesquicentenary australian history chinese children||it was established as part of victoria's sesquicentenary (150 year anniversary) in 1984, along with the children's museum and the museum of chinese australian history.
bonomi bear beniamino 9 1968 verbania sprint late compete mid-2000s italian march 1980 canoeist decade||beniamino bonomi (born 9 march 1968 in verbania) is an italian sprint canoeist who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-2000s (decade).
carey state bassist when danny chancellor play track song drummer justin that bass child program pee wee then singer television playhouse maynard remind genie jambi instantly have keenan think song make wish make idea theme james||drummer danny carey stated that when bassist justin chancellor played the bass track of the song, it instantly reminded him of the children's television program pee-wee's playhouse, then singer maynard james keenan thought of the genie "jambi" and had the idea to make the song's theme about making wishes.
international win competition artistic 2007 medal compete world championships gymnastics||she won medals at international competitions and competed at the 2007 world artistic gymnastics championships.
manufacture lithium venture battery use joint hybrid plug hybrid- electric vehicle ion vehicle develop||the joint venture developed and manufactured lithium-ion batteries for use in hybrid-, plug-in hybrid vehicles and electric vehicles.
loan milan follow move fulham 2010 free everton where season play transfer then four||following loans to milan and everton, he then moved to fulham on a free transfer in 2010, where he played for four seasons.
hermann burmeister 1879 describe||it was described by hermann burmeister in 1879.
painting close ancient river be pegtymel rock site||there are ancient rock paintings on a site close to the pegtymel river.
repro manufacture part independently original manufacturer meet oem reproduction party equipment third manufacturer specification part||a reproduction part, or repro, is a part that has been independently manufactured to meet original equipment manufacturer's (oem) specifications by a third party manufacturer.
choose official also india entry as nomination film foreign academy best consider category 84th awards||it was also chosen as india's official entry to be considered for nomination in the best foreign film category for the 84th academy awards.
phymatode species beetle family cerambycidae concolor||phymatodes concolor is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
since policy dilemma economic action lower raise design versa unemployment exacerbate inflation vice||it raises a dilemma for economic policy, since actions designed to lower inflation may exacerbate unemployment, and vice versa.
18th tournament masters tennis series edition part tier atp tour wta 2002 2002 tour||it was the 18th edition of this tournament and was part of the tennis masters series of the 2002 atp tour and of tier i of the 2002 wta tour.
senior fellow kennedy initiative csr school states united visit government 2010 harvard 2005||he was a visiting senior fellow at the csr initiative of the kennedy school of government, harvard, united states from 2005-2010.
result see marxist communist unified most leninist nepal seat party house win mohan adhikari representatives prime minister become minority head man government||the results saw the communist party of nepal (unified marxist-leninist) win the most seats in the house of representatives and man mohan adhikari became prime minister at the head of a minority government.
many period ipo equity call firm periods perform hot||these periods, in which many firms perform an ipo are called hot equity periods.
rory 2004 debut records eleven in ep one||in we are is rory's 2004 one eleven records debut ep.
singaul nijgadh bharatganj municipality bara zone district middle nepal south town narayani||bharatganj singaul is a town under nijgadh municipality in bara district in the narayani zone of south-middle nepal.
pauckstadt august 14 1964 caspar former footballer bear play swedish midfielder||caspar pauckstadt (born 14 august 1964) is a swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.
english singer havas songwriter lianne discography consist studio extended four play two album ten video music eight la single||the discography of lianne la havas, an english singer and songwriter, consists of two studio albums, four extended plays, eight singles and ten music videos.
film drama bridesmaid direct 1989 eyre star garrett shelley hack write bett sela ward lila||bridesmaids is a 1989 drama film, written by bett eyre, directed by lila garrett, starring shelley hack and sela ward.
part catholic chi initiatives health||it is a part of catholic health initiatives (chi).
united film states release winter maron films burn where theatrically island double pair nationwide damned revenge poster confuse art 1971 bill 1966 only star cushing terror godzilla peter island||the film was released theatrically in the united states in the winter of 1971 by maron films as island of the burning damned where it was paired up on a nationwide double bill with godzilla's revenge, but the poster art confused it with island of terror from 1966 which only starred peter cushing.
conus snail extinct marine gastropod family sea specie snail conidae cone ally mollusk platensis||conus platensis is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
support guy later rival lusignan support montferrat initially conrad||he initially supported guy of lusignan, but later supported his rival conrad of montferrat.
1976 maryland election hold november 1976 represent congressional united state maryland 2 house representatives states determine||the 1976 congressional elections in maryland were held on november 2, 1976, to determine who will represent the state of maryland in the united states house of representatives.
golf course eugene casino golf columbia casino british resort indian notable convert former residential school casino own native||eugene golf resort and casino is a golf course and casino in british columbia, notable for being a former indian residential school converted to a native-owned casino.
australian soap tyler darcy neighbor character mark play fictional raffety opera||darcy tyler is a fictional character from the australian soap opera neighbors, played by mark raffety.
zoon belgian verschoten comedy 1999 series tv||verschoten & zoon was a 1999 belgian comedy tv series.
cup ten 2006 nextel sylvania series 300 commence race chase 2006 new september 17 international speedway 400 ford november 19 same conclude speedway hampshire homestead year miami||the 2006 chase for the nextel cup was a ten-race series that commenced with the sylvania 300 on september 17, 2006 at new hampshire international speedway and concluded with the ford 400 on november 19 of that same year at homestead-miami speedway.
know maheye macheye mayeye maye maieye malleye maghay meghey meghty muleye tonkawa speak language american native group maiece today also texas||the mayeye, also known as macheye, maheye, maiece, maieye, malleye, maye, muleye, meghey, maghay and meghty were a tonkawa language speaking native american group in what is today texas.
1976 jane woods take woods wife publisher death||after woods's death in 1976, his wife jane woods took over as publisher.
base airline found travel sarakolok madang part west swt group transport own air png wartoto||he founded the airline travel air, based in madang, png, and is part of the sarakolok west transport (swt) group, owned by wartoto.
people hurt traditional generally play mob football||unlike traditional mob football, people are generally not hurt from play.
such know lose cause object large traction technique most collection curse dimensionality call be manifestation still unsolved so many problem||such objects cause most known techniques to lose traction over large collections, due to a manifestation of the so-called curse of dimensionality, and there are still many unsolved problems.
bali buleleng buleleng regency indonesia district||buleleng is a district in buleleng regency, bali, indonesia.
united census township states population 7,168 +236.4 2010 3,032 10,200 increase reflect % census increase count 1,573 1,459 +107.8 count 2000 1990 census % turn||as of the 2010 united states census, the township's population was 10,200, reflecting an increase of 7,168 (+236.4%) from the 3,032 counted in the 2000 census, which had in turn increased by 1,573 (+107.8%) from the 1,459 counted in the 1990 census.
yorkshire tim racing easterby try highly train career time april run seven 1998 october 2001 thirty||trained in yorkshire by tim easterby, she was highly tried throughout her racing career, running thirty seven times between april 1998 and october 2001.
do eagle album either first much||they didn't do much with my first album for them, the eagle, either...
particular deliver focus genre tell everyday moral ludruk life mostly underprivileged story message||both genres focus on delivering a particular moral message, but ludruk tells stories about everyday life, and mostly that of the underprivileged.
way exist erasure set write new question piece suggestion give meaning||erasure is a way to give an existing piece of writing a new set of meanings, questions, or suggestions.
structured 1031 section exchange alternative sale||structured sales are an alternative to a section 1031 exchange.
nikisha 1995 august male bear 7 kazakh speed track skater denis short||denis nikisha (born 7 august 1995) is a kazakh male short track speed skater.
mountain snow 1980 remove foundry miners 1982 garage garage winery found||founded in a garage as snow mountain winery in 1980, it removed to the miners foundry garage in 1982.
two spanish revival beach colonial style story far building chalet end park francisco golden western gate san||the beach chalet is a two-story spanish colonial revival style building at the far western end of golden gate park in san francisco.
audio light trip toy illusions toy strobo stroboscope box contain light memory stick three music compose band flaming phase lips track||strobo trip - light & audio phase illusions toy is a toy box containing a stroboscope light and a memory stick with three tracks of music composed by the band the flaming lips.
georgia harrisonville line total 145.9 lithonia run mile georgia||the line runs from harrisonville, georgia to lithonia, georgia for a total of 145.9 miles.
belloliva sea gastropod brazieri mollusk olividae family marine olive snail species||belloliva brazieri is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family olividae, the olives.
list only match score while a single wicket run ball run 21 32 take cost||in his only list a match, he scored 21 runs, while with the ball he took a single wicket at a cost of 32 runs.
award most contract have france high term uk number contract value||the uk awarded the most contracts in value terms and france had the highest number of contracts.
friedrich 1904 police bernreuther officer b. german||friedrich bernreuther (b. 1904) was a german police officer.
1967 serve 1978 office ministry policy foreign affairs foreign ussr planning||in 1967-1978 served at the foreign policy planning office of the ussr ministry of foreign affairs.
si hall augsburg melby monarchs season minneapolis williams campus play university playoff college regular arena match minnesota||the monarchs played at si melby hall at augsburg college, minneapolis during the regular season and at williams arena at the campus of the university of minnesota during playoff matches.
evaluation assessment health effect technology systematic address direct intend technology as well health property technology effect aim consequence mainly inform unintended indirect making technology decision regard health||health technology assessment is the systematic evaluation of the properties and effects of a health technology, addressing the direct and intended effects of this technology, as well as its indirect and unintended consequences, and aimed mainly at informing decision making regarding health technologies.
gain prominence term sport fantasy use commonly rugby rugby league league use player commentator versatility recognize||the term has gained prominence in all sports due to its use in fantasy leagues, but in rugby and rugby league, it is commonly used by commentators to recognize a player's versatility.
gospel 16 new chapter christian testament sixteenth john bible john||john 16 is the sixteenth chapter of the gospel of john in the new testament of the christian bible.
flee europe mooney where join scene expat cue piaf fall depression paris aristocrat english sister spoof friend cue berlin 1936 olympics close hitler||mooney flees the depression for europe, where he joins the expat paris scene (cue piaf spoof) and falls for an english aristocrat, whose sister is a close friend of hitler (cue berlin olympics 1936).
other central connection transport busy that make location mode system station||that, its central location, and its connections with other modes of transport make it the busiest station in the system.
video also four star music||he also starred in four music videos.
family straight-4 piston sz series toyota engine engine face forward exhaust||the toyota sz engine family is a straight-4 piston engine series with its exhaust facing forward.
northern brembana italy valley lombardy||brembana is a valley in lombardy, northern italy.
rugby africa attempt dynasty thriving league three league establish rugby south||there has been three dynasties of rugby league in south africa that attempted to establish a thriving rugby league.
since operate pnm pedro administration july 2004 cuerpo successor elect mayor continue mayor cecilio hernandez 2010 s. july since c.||since july 2004, pnm had been operating under the administration of mayor pedro s. cuerpo and was continued by the successor elected mayor cecilio c. hernandez since july 2010.
serve also american prelude mans hold race 1999 series first le sebring||it also served as a prelude to the first american le mans series race held at sebring in 1999.
refuse family rau lakshmi chand jain 2011 anantrao member 2016 decline posthumous joshi conferment amte award conferment baba return 1991 sharad 1986||rau refused the award, the family members of lakshmi chand jain (2011) and sharad anantrao joshi (2016) declined their posthumous conferments, and baba amte returned his 1986 conferment in 1991.
video game most chris taylor entrepreneur designer dungeon famous develop total found series siege gas games annihilation powered||chris taylor is a video game designer and entrepreneur most famous for developing total annihilation and the dungeon siege series and for founding gas powered games.
call storm north delta airforce sequel america airforce ii delta deadly japan skies release also game europe 2001 platform 2002 xbox boy advance||a sequel, called airforce delta storm in north america (airforce delta ii in japan and deadly skies in europe), was also released for the xbox platform in 2001 and for game boy advance in 2002.
abstraction predominately also embrace work pop painter everyday image text sensibility work incorporate tradition||he is predominately a painter working in the tradition of abstraction, yet he has also embraced a pop sensibility by incorporating everyday images and text into his works.
falkirk play east fife previously||he has previously played for east fife and falkirk.
1956 found despite scope states united international base have||it was founded in 1956 and has an international scope, despite being based in the united states.
serve period other justiciar 1170 lothian three||for some period in the 1170s he served as justiciar in lothian (along with three others).
garcetti win overwhelming majority||garcetti won with an overwhelming majority.
include feature viola film michelle davis rodriguez cast elizabeth ensemble cynthia colin tyree erivo daniel farrell kaluuya debicki carrie henry dillahunt brian jacki jon weaver garret manuel garcia coon robert rulfo bernthal neeson duvall liam||the film features an ensemble cast including viola davis, michelle rodriguez, elizabeth debicki, cynthia erivo, colin farrell, brian tyree henry, daniel kaluuya, garret dillahunt, carrie coon, jacki weaver, jon bernthal, manuel garcia-rulfo, robert duvall and liam neeson.
parliament herefordshire mp england 1384 april gloucestershire wiltshire 1404 january october member 1404||he was a member (mp) of the parliament of england for herefordshire in april 1384, for wiltshire in january 1404 and for gloucestershire in october 1404.
moth noctuidae zekelita family antiqualis||zekelita antiqualis is a moth of the noctuidae family.
distribute e4 produce e4 entertainment experiments||it was produced by e4 experiments and distributed by e4 entertainment.
geelong captain 1940 part steer club season win coach seven||he was captain-coach of geelong for part of the 1940 season and steered the club to seven wins.
exist 3300 bc 2000 culture||the culture existed from 3300 to 2000 bc.
river dourado minas southeastern brazil river state gerais||the dourado river is a river of minas gerais state in southeastern brazil.
that sixth man follow time debut competition sevens with woman hold 1998 games seven debut rugby rugby make||this is the sixth time that the men's competition was held, following rugby sevens's debut at the 1998 games, with women's rugby sevens making its debut.
serial same since simply number symbol reprint serial two bill also replacement identify number note error||also, since no two serial numbers can be the same , the bill is simply reprinted with a symbol in the serial number, identifying it as a replacement for an error note.
dense forest charcoal silva growth oak carbonaria natural old boundary iron beech late forest roman time form age now ages early western wallonia middle||silva carbonaria, the "charcoal forest", was the dense old-growth forest of beech and oak that formed a natural boundary during the late iron age through roman times into the early middle ages across what is now western wallonia.
thijs january lutgarde bear 2 neerpelt belgian 1962 mid-1980 canoer sprint compete||lutgarde thijs (born 2 january 1962 in neerpelt) is a belgian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1980s.
single got hit co traveling orbison wilburys bandmate include jeff petty - write mystery edge write bono lynne tom||it includes the hit singles "you got it", which was co-written by orbison and his traveling wilburys bandmates jeff lynne and tom petty, and "she's a mystery to me", written by bono and the edge.
surname vaive||vaive is a surname.
playstation windows xbox 2 release microsoft||it was released for microsoft windows, xbox and playstation 2.
one early associate textile mill mills hopewell mill establish 1818 now demolish site city||the site is associated with the hopewell mills, one of the earliest textile mills in the city, established in 1818 (mill now demolished).
develop occur country developed poverty country||poverty occurs in both developing countries and developed countries.
secretary chief refer also cs balochistan chief bureaucratic balochistan official balochistan government pakistan highest rank||the chief secretary balochistan, also referred to as cs balochistan, is the bureaucratic chief and highest-ranking official of the government of balochistan, pakistan.
want people shirt all country||people all over the country wanted a shirt.
focus current project bear sockeye coho specie control predator salmon increase competitor lake||current projects at bear lake focus on increasing sockeye and coho salmon by controlling species that are predators and competitors.
high senior public school middle junior locate eastern school service school howard school high corporation eastern greentown indiana||eastern junior-senior high school is a public middle school and high school located in greentown, indiana serviced by the eastern howard school corporation.
win penalty earn right casablanca raja ca shootout 1998 play super winner 1997 cup caf winners african cup cup||raja ca casablanca won on penalties shootout and it earns the right to play in the 1998 caf super cup against the winner of the 1997 african cup winners' cup.
roundworm sucker parasitic attachment tissue flatworm organ host annelid||in parasitic annelids, flatworms and roundworms, suckers are the organs of attachment to the host tissues.
rinaldi bear 1991 18 italian january tommaso rome diver||tommaso rinaldi (born 18 january 1991 in rome) is an italian diver.
launch newspaper city 1983 english sentinel state assam daily guwahati india||the sentinel is an english daily newspaper launched in 1983 in the city of guwahati, in the state of assam, india.
14th century o'carroll roman catholic priest ireland thomas||thomas o'carroll was a 14th-century roman catholic priest in ireland.
97 complete ad devotion particular harbor goddess nerva||it was completed by nerva in 97 ad - who harbored a particular devotion for goddess.
dutch blaarkop head blister||blaarkop is dutch for blister head.
museum phoenix tell streetcar story mission||the museum's mission is "[to] tell the phoenix streetcar story."
london base now||he is now based in london.
train boonal deliver coal coal then road stockpile track pad dozer||coal is delivered by road train to the boonal coal pad and is then stockpiled by track dozers.
ian writer fictional character create live fleming success depict screen novel die bond james see before||ian fleming, the writer who created the fictional character james bond, lived to see the success of his novels depicted on screen before he died.
vehicle matsudarotari showroom complete building mazda rotary setagaya affiliated||the showrooms of complete vehicles was inside the affiliated setagaya matsudarotari (mazda rotary) building.
seeger charles 18 march 1971 bear steven serve senior currently united lawyer exchange counsel securities commission nominee united american district states states district court judge northern states illinois united district||steven charles seeger (born march 18, 1971) is an american lawyer currently serving as senior counsel at the united states securities and exchange commission and is a nominee to be a united states district judge of the united states district court for the northern district of illinois.
419 taylor louisiana 1975 court supreme 522 case landmark hold states exclude jury united basis u.s. venire pool duty jury woman register have||taylor v. louisiana, 419 u.s. 522 (1975), is a landmark supreme court of the united states case, which held women could not be excluded from a venire, or jury pool, on the basis of having to register for jury duty.
e.a. leader squadron later first mcnab siskin earn win rcaf cross pilot world second distinguished recognition flying war||siskins' squadron leader e.a. mcnab would later earn recognition as the first rcaf pilot to win the distinguished flying cross during the second world war.
seat stockton diocese||it is the seat of the diocese of stockton.
song chiefly write co band blasucci king session include recording group musician london such notable orchestra - guitarist musician symphony jazz paul michael jackson hill thompson warren drummer saxophonist lynyrd kenny todd sucherman aronoff styx skynyrd jr.||the songs are chiefly co-written by king and blasucci, and the band's recording sessions have included groups and notable musicians such as the london symphony orchestra, guitarist michael thompson, jazz musician paul jackson jr., saxophonist warren hill, drummer kenny aronoff of lynyrd skynyrd, and todd sucherman of styx.
enrollment may 9,830 student district have 2011 approximately||in may 2011, the district had an enrollment of approximately 9,830 students.
live single choice other viewer contestant||who the other single contestant will be living with is the viewers choice.
gramp hill most area easterly down bassett letcombe close||gramp's hill down is the most easterly area, and the closest to letcombe bassett.
mite order family hoplomegistidae mesostigmata||hoplomegistidae is a family of mites in the order mesostigmata.
7 1969 december german sitt compete 1988 former swimmer peter 1992 summer olympics bear summer olympics||peter sitt (born 7 december 1969) is a german former swimmer who competed in the 1988 summer olympics and in the 1992 summer olympics.
metallic knowltonia boring species family beetle buprestidae calida wood||knowltonia calida is a species of metallic wood-boring beetle in the family buprestidae.
overseer board jack wheatley consist chair real california estate northern bateman merrill j. chair developer former - alan vice member president byu ashton bruce christensen business executive rogers executive sandra byu member member international president w. member business webb vice vice byu charles brent president wheatley financial consulting academic wheatley principal j llc kevin president byu gerrit worthen member gong member member member quorum lds w. first church seventy leave||the board of overseers consists of: jack wheatley, chair; a northern california real estate developer merrill j. bateman, vice-chair; former president of byu alan ashton, member; business executive bruce christensen member; business executive sandra rogers, member; byu international vice president brent w. webb, member; byu academic vice president charles wheatley, member; principal, wheatley financial consulting llc kevin j worthen, member; president of byu gerrit w. gong, member on leave; member of the first quorum of the seventy of the lds church.
jerrard 30 august american former marlon professional baseball byrd bear 1977 outfielder||marlon jerrard byrd (born august 30, 1977) is an american former professional baseball outfielder.
karnali narmada get illumination chandod bank||he got his illumination at karnali near chandod on the banks of narmada.
list national historic gregory register south county dakota listing places||this is a list of the national register of historic places listings in gregory county, south dakota.
five match class 1970 first 1954 tasmania play||he played five first-class matches for tasmania between 1954 and 1970.
renoir american film first||it was renoir's first american film.
state park part jersey southwestern parvin park locate history as varied wildlife new||parvin state park, located in the southwestern part of new jersey is a park whose history is as varied as its wildlife.
sample cost change retail good measure service representative||it measures the change in the cost of a representative sample of retail goods and services.
laboratory human responsible sport only country dope testing||it is the only laboratory in the country responsible for human sports dope testing.
model designation add -2 model sd40 replace former sd40 e.g. 2||designations of these models were those of the former models with "-2" added (e.g., the sd40 was replaced by the sd40-2).
buoyant number melody chord riff song powerful trumpet contain||the melody of the song is buoyant, containing a number of powerful chords and trumpet riffs.
housing administration united federal fha create agency part states 1934 housing national government act||the federal housing administration (fha) is a united states government agency created in part by the national housing act of 1934.
three league third football division tier ghana league||the division three league is the third tier football league in ghana.
east head kalimantan executive governor kalimantan indonesian province east||the governor of east kalimantan is the executive head of the indonesian province of east kalimantan.
regard widely dance ' 90 one several big remixe anthem song time||the song is widely regarded as one of the biggest dance anthems of the '90s and has been remixed several times.
donnay man indoor tennis championships play 1991 tournament national indoor carpet belgium brussels 1990 tour forest atp court part||1991 donnay indoor championships was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the forest national in brussels, belgium which was part of the 1990 atp tour.
first pot perennial appearance plague football team pest smoking make 1971 b.d.||he made his first appearance as a perennial pot-smoking pest plaguing b.d.'s football team in 1971.
back camera swing open easy add load canon bottom make previous loading||they added a swing-open back making the camera easier to load than previous bottom loading canons.
company six help establish later military year south academy carolina||six years later, the company helped establish the south carolina military academy.
one classic classic bayer levin formerly one three premier group race old new zealand year thoroughred||the group one levin classic - formerly the bayer classic - is one of the premier races for three-year-old thoroughreds in new zealand.
carosa president currently national society columnists serve newspaper||carosa currently serves as president of the national society of newspaper columnists.
samsung know pixon previously m8800 refer samsung also bresson high samsung release phone september one mobile world 8 first megapixel 2008 spec samsung camera phone||samsung m8800 (also known as samsung pixon and previously referred to as samsung bresson) is a high-spec mobile phone from samsung released in september 2008, one of the world's first 8 megapixel camera phones.
provide entire routing packet suite delivery function level as reliable well high byte numerous application such stream||the entire suite provided routing and packet delivery, as well as higher level functions such as a reliable byte stream, along with numerous applications.
march 1997 preston make 106 go debut make score appearance town club move cardiff home goal dramatic only where 31 goal winner hartlepool late||he made his debut for preston in march 1997 and went on to make 106 appearances, scoring 31 goals before moving on to his home town club cardiff, where his only goal was a dramatic late winner against hartlepool.
cavalcade attempt make swedish nostalgical scene feature 1920 1930s era many song film entertainment||the film was an attempt to make a nostalgical cavalcade of the swedish entertainment scene of the 1920s and 1930s, and featured many songs from that era.
final special six night play air compilation special good x. song update hour feature listener war programming generalissimo involve yank enemy air final stand try||on the final night of air, a six-hour special was played featuring a compilation of the best of programming from special x. in-between songs, the generalissimo would update listeners on the war involving his final stand against the "enemy" who was trying to yank him from the air.
1996 atlanta olympics summer states united uganda compete||uganda competed at the 1996 summer olympics in atlanta, united states.
be weapon player utilize reviewer repetitive gameplay lack lead while for design other feel character par cry previous game story far feel||some reviewers felt there was a lack of weapons for the player to utilize, leading to repetitive gameplay design, while others felt the story and characters were not on par with the previous far cry games.
shingle roof cover wall exterior||both the roof and the exterior walls are covered with shingles.
yet futurist although give build thought concept considerable involve||although they have not been built yet, some futurists have been giving considerable thought to the concepts involved.
phase biomolecular form separation condensate||biomolecular condensates form by phase separation.
border hamile town||across the border is the town of hamile.
population typically give though employ reproductive male base predominant mating female system strategy overarching still variation behavior sex individual same be significant||though males and females in a given population typically employ a predominant reproductive strategy based on the overarching mating system, there is still significant variation in behavior among individuals of the same sex.
contain notable profanity||it is notable for not containing any profanity.
bicycle ride also solo 18 tour world month mile 11,000||he also has ridden his bicycle on an 18-month, 11,000-mile solo tour around the world.
love uptempo saturday song andy love clarke vince bell martyn write ware produce||an uptempo love song, "i love saturday" was written by vince clarke and andy bell and produced by martyn ware.
2017 tie records april 28 release razor||it was released on april 28, 2017, on razor & tie records.
novel 1998 bruce jane summer yolen coville armageddon||armageddon summer is a 1998 novel by jane yolen and bruce coville.
population census 8,062 2010||as of the 2010 census, its population was 8,062.
shed take 2014 10 ceremony auckland wharf december 2014 12 friday place queen||the 2014 ceremony took place in shed 10 on queen's wharf in auckland on friday 12 december 2014.
five school washoe county hold school district star currently rating||currently, the school holds a five star rating with the washoe county school district.
foxi crocidura shrew soricidae species fox family mammal||fox's shrew (crocidura foxi) is a species of mammal in the family soricidae.
engine model ea-61 speed come only four transmission manual||this model only came with the ea-61 engine and four-speed manual transmission.
team national 12 contest result man include knee 3 rider select woman upon surf scholarship base community ability 3 service||as a result of that contest, a national team including 12 men, 3 women and 3 knee-riders was selected based upon surfing ability, scholarship, and service to community.
international women creation peace freedom lead league wilpf||it led to the creation of the women's international league for peace and freedom (wilpf).
elect member vote four lebanese parliament place muslim hasbaya constituency take marjeyoun predominantly lebanon 1968 southern shia general national election part 31 year march||voting to elect four members of the lebanese parliament took place in the predominantly shia muslim marjeyoun-hasbaya constituency in southern lebanon on march 31, 1968, part of the national general election of that year.
8 december laloata rugby bear shane 1977 player samoa professional represent rugby league football||shane laloata (born 8 december 1977) is a professional rugby football player who represented samoa in rugby league.
johann michael von althann marry charles roman holy count emperor vi know court influence associate pro austria favorite where spain spanish party court -||she was married count johann michael von althann, the favorite of charles vi, holy roman emperor, and known for her influence in the court of spain and austria, where she was an associate of the pro-spanish party at court.
music dover conference music annual lane hold january festival month classical nazrul mancha south indian auditorium kolkata||the dover lane music conference is an annual indian classical music festival held in the month of january at nazrul mancha, an auditorium in south kolkata.
bear play waterford malahide mcdonald dublin county cricket club||mcdonald was born in waterford, but played her club cricket for malahide, in county dublin.
cost performance as additional vertex need appearance evaluation factor result determine smoother||the result is a smoother appearance at the cost of performance, as additional vertices need to be determined and factored into each evaluation.
rainbow pilot 2007 second redeeming complete july||his second pilot, redeeming rainbow, was completed in july 2007.
station serve amtrak united michigan railroad dowagiac train system passenger dowagiac states||dowagiac is a train station in dowagiac, michigan, served by amtrak, the united states' railroad passenger system.
college 1990 thames education valley college higher ealing queen higher college education studies charlotte london college care health merge london polytechnic west form music||in 1990, ealing college of higher education, thames valley college of higher education, queen charlotte's college of health care studies and the london college of music merged to form the polytechnic of west london.
leaf intense three small mauve blue have oval flower||it has a small, oval leaf and up to three intense blue to mauve flowers.
evolve linguistic application approach text however text much point broad extension term view mere grammar entire text traditional go||the application of text linguistics has, however, evolved from this approach to a point in which text is viewed in much broader terms that go beyond a mere extension of traditional grammar towards an entire text.
also mother release mexico ep look mummy dead||it was also released on an ep in mexico along with "mother," "look at me'" and "my mummy's dead."
2003 stephen become baskerville acfc president||in 2003, stephen baskerville became the president of acfc.
honduras place politic - framework presidential take party system multi democratic republic representative||politics of honduras takes place in a framework of a multi-party system presidential representative democratic republic.
vaccine administer further october mali group volunteer||during october the vaccine is being administered to a further group of volunteers in mali.
use refer conjunctive term philately postage type simultaneous different part postal charge same letter stamp separate pay use||in philately the term conjunctive use refers to the simultaneous use of different types of postage stamps to pay separate parts of a postal charge on the same letter.
science thaw depth thaw level down soil thaw line permafrost summer soil normally area give||in soil science, the thaw depth or thaw line is the level down to which the permafrost soil will normally thaw each summer in a given area.
robert 8 bear leland disk jockey january eubanks american television personality host 1938 game show game newlywed game know show host 1966 since well off||robert leland eubanks (born january 8, 1938) is an american disk jockey, television personality and game show host, best known for hosting the game show the newlywed game on and off since 1966.
xu well know province serve governor||he is best known for serving as the governor of xu province.
march medical advanced 808 million acquire 2007 cash optics||in march 2007, it was acquired by advanced medical optics for $808 million in cash.
moctezuma family moth noctuidae xanthopastis||xanthopastis moctezuma is a moth of the noctuidae family.
foot great tree dwarf short cloud luzon rat species carpomys rat rodent family muridae melanurus||the short-footed luzon tree rat or greater dwarf cloud rat (carpomys melanurus) is a species of rodent in the family muridae.
league event competition continental national wmf minifootball local other organize affiliate||minifootball leagues and other competitions and events are organizing by the wmf or by its continental, national or local affiliates.
prolong have capacity treatment great infantilization though as mental child one child||infantilization is the prolonged treatment of one who has a mental capacity greater than that of a child as though he or she is a child.
mutualism fungus human much understand yet well be how interact nonfungal constituent microbiome fungi learn||mutualism between humans and fungi is not yet well understood, and there is much to be learned about how fungi interact with the nonfungal constituents of the microbiome.
regulate several document importantly official ethics most fifa duty code||its duties are regulated by several official documents, most importantly the fifa code of ethics.
du stratification social change mi first avoid class form low marriage bo characterize old society jung||with the change in social stratification the du-jung and the mi-bo lower classes were the first to avoid the forms of marriage that characterized the older society.
important ultraslow most nature water biological discovery||his most important discovery is the ultraslow nature of biological water.
administrator responsible territory mozambique list portuguese european day area mozambique colonial modern republic equivalent||this is a list of european colonial administrators responsible for the territory of portuguese mozambique, an area equivalent to modern-day republic of mozambique.
functionality provide usually station find main management control diagnostic programming station include||the programming station usually provides all the functionality including management and diagnostics that are found on the main control station.
sign nail previously two studio records tooth album release||they were previously signed to tooth & nail records with whom they have released two studio albums.
novellino often other rosemary join committee appear several member radio promote bill cause boggs franklin show joe show morning abc good show television york america new city||rosemary novellino, often joined by other members of the committee, appeared on several television and radio shows to promote their cause, among them were the bill boggs show, the joe franklin show, and abc's good morning america in new york city.
album first release african album market south title||the album was released under the title first album on the south african market.
red take jones shirt team practice year freshman randle rep antwaan el first split||after taking a red-shirt his freshman year, jones split first team practice reps with antwaan randle-el.
have site extensive view countryside||the site has extensive views over the countryside.
anna september actress engage 2008 camp early d file couple april irreconcilable 2010 cite 2013 divorce difference||he was engaged to actress anna camp in september 2008; the couple wed in early 2010 and filed for divorce in april 2013 citing "irreconcilable differences".
vajin luke bear armstrong 12 1980 distance ultra armstrong may christchurch new - zealand runner||vajin armstrong (born luke armstrong, may 12, 1980) is an ultra-distance runner from christchurch, new zealand.
originally publish 25 2009 september||it was originally published on 25 september 2009.
go ahead friday saturday night take festival car super rally rally stage special event become||the festival went ahead with friday and saturday night on the event taken over by the rally cars, becoming a super special stage of the rally.
personnel interview film markus company feature insight bergensten persson people such gaming profoundly jens impact industry player game involve||the film features interviews with company personnel such as markus persson and jens bergensten, and insights from people involved in the gaming industry and from players profoundly impacted by the game.
jesse able travel faraway such career land europe boxing well as distant such one small belize able meet law grow where legend also||due to his boxing career, jesse was able to travel to faraway and distant lands such as europe as well as small ones such as belize, where he was able to meet in-laws that also grew into legends.
eddie oliva lasse shave holm perform song write||the song was written by lasse holm and eddie oliva, and was performed by after shave.
character c pac go letter case upper intermittently man man simulate pac chomp low||the pac-man character is a letter c, which goes from upper to lower case intermittently (to simulate a chomping pac-man).
united states single skyrocket use senior utility buy 1938 je-1 navy transport designate||a single senior skyrocket was bought by the united states navy in 1938 for use as a utility transport, designated je-1.
specify erythroid gene specific mitochondrially enzyme locate product||the product of this gene specifies an erythroid-specific mitochondrially located enzyme.
use raf edge cutting trauma specialize work technique||raf specializes in trauma and uses cutting-edge techniques in his work.
concentrate watereuse find right effort able technology go organization process core purify water||with this as the core for the organization, watereuse is able to concentrate their efforts into finding the right process and technology that goes into purifying water.
ourproject.org legal entity previously know comunes collective establish 2009 form||previously known as ourproject.org, this collective established itself as legal entity in 2009, forming comunes.
three have restaurant michelin star 2010 restaurant first france star retain twenty five three year become||the restaurant has three michelin stars, and in 2010 it became the first restaurant outside france to retain all three stars for twenty-five years.
tuguriana species marine marginella gastropod marginellidae family margin mollusk sea snail snail||marginella tuguriana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family marginellidae, the margin snails.
argonne linac atlas user tandem facility argonne system scientific laboratory national accelerator||the argonne tandem linac accelerator system (atlas) is a scientific user facility at argonne national laboratory.
music put digitally play together sound instrument usually record||his music is put together digitally from recorded sounds, usually him playing an instrument.
state florida underlying private year buy conduct operation land operator concession continue attraction same||that same year the state of florida bought the underlying land, but private operators continued to conduct the operation of the attractions and concessions.
sixth series episode direct rooney lijah j. forty barasz bethany hundred write||the hundred and forty-sixth episode on the series, it was directed by bethany rooney and written by lijah j. barasz.
wisconsin luxemburg village united states county kewaunee||luxemburg is a village in kewaunee county, wisconsin, united states.
10 representative serve new senate larsen hampshire children year corporation fund kids healthy trust||larsen served as the senate's representative for 10 years to the new hampshire children's trust fund and the healthy kids corporation.
release album records 2005 fine||the album was released in 2005 by fine records.
administrative national natural unit parks colombia special network unidad administrativa del sistema parques spanish especial nacionales colombia naturales colombian de agency manage de central park protect pnn area national||the special administrative unit of the network of national natural parks of colombia (spanish: unidad administrativa especial del sistema de parques nacionales naturales de colombia; pnn) is colombian central agency that manages all the national parks and protected areas.
jamaican party garvey national hero marcus name||the party is named after jamaican national hero, marcus garvey.
louis salt st. lake joseph st. extension telegraph line facilitate far bring even nearer undertaking far sierra nevada west day brother continuous electric distant one other ocean chain||the extension of the st. louis, st. joseph, and salt lake telegraph line will further facilitate this undertaking, bringing us even nearer our brethren to the west of the sierra nevada, until, at no far distant day, we shall have a continuous electric chain from one ocean to the other.
two spread cd album||the album is spread out over two cds.
goddard space dryden research previously flight center center nasa as host flight well academies||goddard space flight center and dryden flight research center previously hosted nasa academies, as well.
4 drama part documentary gnostic 1987 series 4 border channel tv make uk||gnostics was a 1987 4-part drama-documentary series made by border tv for channel 4 (uk).
start 1986 25th 1991 2011.in festival festival world celebrate anniversary championship kite sport host cup||the festival started in 1986 and celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2011.in 1991, the festival hosted the world cup sport kite championship.
1 team record lone season 7 finish||the team finished with a 1-7 record in their lone season.
therefore stratigraphy form||it is, therefore, a form of stratigraphy.
one specimen two grimpoteuthis though know completely specie meangensis different second||grimpoteuthis meangensis is known from either one or two specimens, though the second may be of a completely different species.
indian telugu film drama ravindra 2017 produce direct msr pradyumna chandrapati penubotu ganesh dwaraka legend present b. cinema srinivas choudary films super r. banner good||dwaraka is a 2017 indian telugu drama film directed by srinivas ravindra (msr), produced by pradyumna chandrapati and ganesh penubotu, under legend cinema, and is presented by r. b. choudary under the banner super good films.
english rock band night studio leppard album def release 1980 14 debut march||through the night is the debut studio album by the english rock band def leppard, released on 14 march 1980.
railway europe crisscross usually although railroad exception europe possible orient historic transcontinental express consider||although europe is crisscrossed by railways, the railroads within europe are usually not considered transcontinental, with the possible exception of the historic orient express.
believe manalo cult - catalog biblical doctrine inc un||the cult of manalo cataloged what he believed to be the inc's un-biblical doctrines.
- sub atp cassette family membrane member 2 bind transporter protein d encode abcd2 that pump human gene||atp-binding cassette sub-family d member 2 is a membrane pump/transporter protein that in humans is encoded by the abcd2 gene.
national trail greyrock hiking roosevelt trail mountain national recreation west laporte colorado forest||greyrock mountain national recreation trail is a hiking trail in roosevelt national forest west of laporte, colorado.
suffer concussion retire syndrome 2012 - post notable three injury head||he retired in 2012 after suffering post-concussion syndrome from three notable head injuries.
auditorium name nasa e. webb james second memorial webb administrator agency host james news event nasa conference e. social||the james e. webb memorial auditorium, named for nasa's second administrator james e. webb, hosts agency news conferences and nasa social events.
union national english corsican nationalist party group political corsica seek unione france independence naziunale||the unione naziunale (english: national union) is a corsican nationalist group of political parties seeking independence of corsica from france.
gandhinagar famous highway restaurant line locate shopping mall area sarkhej||it is located beside the sarkhej-gandhinagar highway, an area famous for its line of restaurants and shopping malls.
500 summer song day film use||this song was used in the film (500) days of summer.
austere act brief open adagio moment introduction flow counterpoint extreme contrast minor seventh gently prominent tension particularly||the opening adagio acts as an austere and brief introduction, moments of extreme tension contrasting with gently flowing counterpoint, with minor sevenths being particularly prominent.
penn walk state start since first reinstate 1949 quarterback scholarship||he is the first walk-on quarterback to start at penn state since scholarships were reinstated in 1949.
army northern launch union flank virginia potomac attack . gen. command g. multiple george maj meade army||he launched the army of northern virginia in multiple attacks on the flanks of the union army of the potomac, commanded by maj. gen. george g. meade.
hockey son babe pratt fame defenseman hall||he is the son of hockey hall of fame defenseman babe pratt.
ten awards national win career arts medal course tony||over the course of his career, he has won ten tony awards and the national medal of arts.
bait follow ii gator sequel justice cajun||it was followed by the sequel 'gator bait ii: cajun justice.
cover lee shawn record 2011 am celestial electric blue album jackie||am & shawn lee recorded a cover of "jackie blue" for their 2011 album celestial electric.
major most other senior army sergeant rank army british member||the army sergeant major is the most senior member of the other ranks of the british army.
dutch east company administration island india||the island was under the administration of the dutch east india company.
calvin inscribe birthplace coolidge homestead also speech plymouth notch district||the speech is also inscribed at his birthplace, the calvin coolidge homestead district in plymouth notch.
flower september early january terminal appear native summer spring range mid spike||flowers appear in terminal spikes between september and january (early spring to mid summer) in its native range.
1973 new parking number garage suburban build mbta propose commuter serve||in 1973, the mbta proposed building a number of new parking garages to serve suburban commuters.
sweden release||it was released in sweden.
model meaning describe that mean instance||this means that the model describes the meaning of its instances.
previously dinocyst interpret||these have previously been interpreted as dinocysts.
firehouse american metal band glam debut album firehouse||firehouse is the debut album by the american glam metal band firehouse.
employ 700 birmingham alabama headquarters people company more||the company employs more than 700 people at headquarters in birmingham, alabama.
area go roundhouse now health plan insurance now contain office ontario||the roundhouse is now gone; the area now contains ontario health insurance plan offices.
director security fordham school center law national director executive center greenberg former university law university school new law security york||greenberg is director of the center on national security at fordham university's school of law, and the former executive director of the center on law and security at new york university's school of law.
run senate republican virginia 2011 lose democrat saslaw libertarian switch dick election party sarvis||in 2011, he ran for the virginia senate as a republican, losing to democrat dick saslaw; after the election, sarvis switched to the libertarian party.
creek community name take||the community takes its name from the creek.
product new new product introduce when bias include occur basket lag market only long||new product bias occurs when new products are not introduced in the market basket, or included only with a long lag.
statute currently force irish book statute virtue revision act 2007 law old statute||it is currently the oldest statute in force on the irish statute book by virtue of the statute law revision act 2007.
copyright saudi protect author intellectual right period protect death 50 type year work||the saudi copyright protects all of the intellectual works of any type, and the author rights will be protected until a period of 50 years after his/her death.
faculty other institute business faculty pedagogical engineering faculty faculty law modern management faculty faculty mathematics languages sciences arts computer faculty electronics faculty||other faculties are the engineering institute, the business and management faculty, the faculty of law, the pedagogical faculty, the faculty of modern languages, the faculty of mathematics, the faculty of computer sciences and electronics, and the faculty of arts.
departure design traditional cutlass numerous suffer regard problem aircraft handle career service radical short technical||regarded as a radical departure from traditional aircraft design, the cutlass suffered from numerous technical and handling problems throughout its short service career.
4 2 section ruffhead 1 statutes section edition 5 serjeant section runnington 1786 schedule statute 1 repeal 1867 act revision law||sections 1 to 4 (which are sections 2 to 5 in ruffhead's edition of the statutes, by serjeant runnington, 1786) were repealed by section 1 of, and the schedule to, the statute law revision act 1867.
elect prior holder office become appoint mayor though state california university trustees work foster 1998 senate state state california policy consultant energy board||though not an elected office-holder prior to becoming mayor, foster was appointed to the california state university board of trustees in 1998 and worked for the california state senate as a consultant on state energy policy.
bbc report include sports program present||he presented bbc programs including sports report.
bear march fabrizio simone de 30 italian 1971 racing driver||fabrizio de simone (born 30 march 1971) is an italian racing driver.
1997 cup governor then feihl trade pba gordon boars already ginebra gin carne norte purefoods cowboys bolado cris name exchange||in the 1997 pba governor's cup, feihl was traded by ginebra, then already named the gordon's gin boars, to the purefoods carne norte cowboys in exchange for cris bolado.
format new mazda bmw also solve acura begin year last thirteen since save almost competition affair year saturn audi prior year||the new format also solves the bmw-acura-mazda affair that had begun thirteen years prior and had lasted almost every year since save for some competition from saturn and audi in some years.
debut 2011 team first make||he made his first team debut in 2011.
stream medium demand netflix april video perform practical fools internet joke day subscriber provider||video on demand internet streaming media provider, netflix, performs april fools' day practical jokes on its subscribers.
timba timba malay timba island pulau island timba semporna malaysia sabah locate||timba timba island (malay: pulau timba timba) is an island located near semporna in sabah, malaysia.
application solar company incorporate also collector develop desalination generate electricity||the company has also developed applications that incorporate its solar collectors to generate electricity and desalination.
introduce strong foundation healey control denis inflation order high chancellor grow government era budget spending fail edward government do heath previous||it was to be the foundation on which the chancellor denis healey could introduce a stronger budget in order to control the high inflation and growing government spending of the era, which edward heath's previous government had failed to do.
receive upon positive response release critical warrior||upon its release, the warriors received a positive critical response.
episode season 8.38 garner first viewer adult 18 rating million view 2.5/7 49||the first episode of the season was viewed by 8.38 million viewers, and garnered a 2.5/7 adults 18-49 rating.
india prime only minister bjp later position serve president become date||he later became the prime minister of india, the only bjp president to serve in that position to date.
high video games developer game base form 2003 burbank member california impact naughty games former dog insomniac american||high impact games is an american video game developer based in burbank, california, formed in 2003 by former members of insomniac games and naughty dog.
forensic photography branch forensic suspect convict hold science document scene also other encompass crime need victim criminal conviction make evidence||forensic science holds the branch of forensic photography which encompasses documenting both suspected and convicted criminals, and also the crime scenes, victims, and other evidence needed to make a conviction.
champion album michael subsequently include career successful stand schumacher release leave racing decide formula when one||it was subsequently included on the album stand up for the champion - michael schumacher which was released to his successful career when he decided to leave the formula one racing.
bear himachal pradesh kinnaur||she was born in kinnaur, himachal pradesh .
a. research specialize multidisciplinary international quality high electron laser light apply generate material synchrotron science free center||a. is a multidisciplinary international research center, specialized in generating high quality synchrotron and free-electron laser light and applying it in materials science.
film snow studio distribute dog itn banner date worldwide produce distribution october 4th 2016 release||the film was produced under the snow dog studio banner and distributed worldwide by itn distribution with a release date of october 4th, 2016.
serial advertisement few film direct before direct ek vivaah film several first television||he has directed several television serials and a few advertisement films before he directed his first film ek vivaah...
mainprize municipality include rural park regional||the rural municipality includes the mainprize regional park.
piccardo version italian picard mean surname person cultural region france historical picardy area||piccardo is an italian surname, a version of picard, meaning a person from picardy, a historical region and cultural area of france.
non secular learn society - activist lobby campaign society partisan group planning issue environmental||the society is a non-partisan, secular, learned society, not an activist lobby group and does not campaign on environmental or planning issues.
operate new buttonwood park own zoological city bedford support society||it is owned and operated by the city of new bedford, with the support of the buttonwood park zoological society.
1957 harris competition observer found know newspaper initially schools journalist observer kenneth mace||the competition was founded in 1957 by the journalist kenneth harris of the observer newspaper, and was initially known as the observer schools' mace.
annual such hold conjunction charitable 2011 competition event juno awards eight||it was the eight annual such competition, which is a charitable event held in conjunction with the 2011 juno awards.
michigan take election states united 1928 6 presidential november united states presidential election place part 1928||united states presidential election in michigan took place on november 6, 1928, as part of the 1928 united states presidential election.
hold people 4,600||it holds 4,600 people.
episode particular use combination aerial feature photography wildlife reveal how traditional force human six physical transform environment footage wilderness lush dry increasingly harsh continent green activity unpredictable australasia trouble array still weather huge creature nowhere else home earth find||each of the six episodes features a particular environment and, using a combination of aerial photography and traditional wildlife footage, reveals how physical forces and human activity have transformed australasia from a lush green wilderness into an increasingly dry and harsh continent, troubled by unpredictable weather but still home to a huge array of creatures found nowhere else on earth..
lgbtq palau same humanities miss name month project||that same month, she was named miss lgbtq by the palau humanities project.
20 be rise high charleston carolina south building locate||there are 20 high-rise buildings located in charleston, south carolina.
doherty ordain deacon huron 1869 college 1900 educate priest||doherty was educated at huron college and ordained deacon in 1869, and priest in 1900.
colony temperate only specie usually year onset die one last social winter||in temperate social species, colonies usually only last one year, dying at the onset of winter.
steep headland point sided osogovo president small bay smellie extend livingston beaches peninsula byers islands island antarctica south smellie hill shetland m dominate 46||point smellie is a small steep-sided headland extending into osogovo bay from president beaches on byers peninsula, livingston island in the south shetland islands, antarctica and dominated by smellie hill (46 m).
nivea symplocos symplocaceae family plant species||symplocos nivea is a species of plant in the family symplocaceae.
pioneer 1874 john settler die goller angeles great los 1849 gold california perilous life rush result escape desert claim find gold prodigious crossing there deposit||john goller (died 1874) was a pioneer settler in los angeles, california, as a result of the great gold rush of 1849, escaping with his life during a perilous crossing of the desert and claiming he had found prodigious gold deposits there.
a. research specialize multidisciplinary international quality high electron laser light apply generate material synchrotron science free center||a. is a multidisciplinary international research center, specialized in generating high quality synchrotron and free-electron laser light and applying it in materials science.
court munich ponzano||ponzano was at the court in munich.
common recognize readily agile harmless very snake tail snake as body slender||this common snake is harmless, readily recognized as it is an agile snake with a very slender body and tail.
st. thomas 1515 also organist appoint priest vicariate receive as church||in 1515 he was appointed organist at the church of st. thomas, and also received a vicariate, as he was a priest.
lactococcus - non positive laudensis form genus bacterium isolate lactococcus spore gram val trompia italy cow raw milk||lactococcus laudensis is a gram-positive and non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus of lactococcus which has been isolated from raw cow milk from val trompia in italy.
jerdy well jesse 4 hollyoaks know play channel portrayal 2016 role april donovan since||jerdy is best known for his portrayal of jesse donovan in channel 4's hollyoaks, a role he has played since april 2016.
flavovittata family species neosybra cerambycidae beetle||neosybra flavovittata is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
lake buffalo locate southeast east town stettler village shore rochon summer sands provincial sands northwest rochon park||it is located on the southeast shore of buffalo lake, northwest from the town of stettler and east of the summer village of rochon sands and rochon sands provincial park.
plate negative access date 1900s additional photograph glass - early co author acetate e. historic terry map timetable 11,000 arbogast other gratz produce comprehensive page publish 212 book documentation 2003||with access to over 11,000 glass plate and acetate negatives dating from the early 1900s, along with additional photographs by co-author terry e. arbogast, historic maps, timetables, and other documentations, gratz produced the comprehensive 212-page book, published in 2003.
joseph old building rieff farmhouse stone associate c. 1780||the oldest buildings are associated with the joseph rieff stone farmhouse (c. 1780).
house serve florida graham gubernatorial florida win 1978 legislature reelect 1982 election||after serving in both houses of the florida legislature, graham won the 1978 florida gubernatorial election, and was reelected in 1982.
scenic green one many community village make urbanize mainly rural still fast goa||green and still scenic, this is one of the many communities and villages that makes up mainly-rural, but fast-urbanizing goa.
wars arcade know video also release game 1993 star wars arcade star||star wars arcade (also known as star wars) is a video game released in 1993 to arcades.
williams 2005 execute||williams was executed in 2005.
voter approve % 75.24||it was approved by 75.24% of voters.
granche pierre design 1992 canadian sculptor unveil 1994 ii erect queen elizabeth||it was designed by the canadian sculptor pierre granche, erected in 1992 and unveiled by queen elizabeth ii in 1994.
include feature viola film michelle davis rodriguez cast elizabeth ensemble cynthia colin tyree erivo daniel farrell kaluuya debicki carrie henry dillahunt brian jacki jon weaver garret manuel garcia coon robert rulfo bernthal neeson duvall liam||the film features an ensemble cast including viola davis, michelle rodriguez, elizabeth debicki, cynthia erivo, colin farrell, brian tyree henry, daniel kaluuya, garret dillahunt, carrie coon, jacki weaver, jon bernthal, manuel garcia-rulfo, robert duvall and liam neeson.
engine boulton more power three spindle increase instal number watt||three more boulton and watt engines were installed to power the increasing number of spindles.
1938 yacht contemporary date back three least game dice crag similar||yacht dates back to at least 1938, and is a contemporary of the similar three-dice game crag.
formidable maritime power able control part northern strait heyday kingdom malacca||in its heyday the kingdom was a formidable maritime power, and was able to control the northern part of the malacca strait.
stamp use issue sudan sudan south independence||before independence, south sudan used stamps issued by sudan.
bibliography hessian regional german bibliographie german bibliography hessische||the hessian bibliography (german: hessische bibliographie) is a german regional bibliography.
species flat inornatus aradus aradidae bug family||aradus inornatus is a species of flat bug in the family aradidae.
story 1861 various previously 1958 magazine publish||the stories were previously published from 1861-1958 in various magazines.
earls clan mar mar title although original go chief late fourteenth then stewarts later go century erskines heiress douglases||the chiefs of the clan mar were the original earls of mar, although this title later went via an heiress to the douglases in the late fourteenth century, and then to the stewarts before going to the erskines.
become island british st. colony john july canadian confederation 1 join 1873 1769||it became the british colony of st. john island in 1769 and joined the canadian confederation on july 1, 1873.
sanskriti school model sr govt mewat saroli model 20 schools one haryana sec state india sanskrit||govt model sanskriti sr sec school saroli (mewat) is one of 20 model sanskrit schools in haryana state, india.
special issue relationship issue cover modern such drama contemporary work performance derek jarman early shakespeare realist||special issues have covered such issues as being 'not-shakespeare', the relationship between early modern drama and contemporary realist performance, and the work of derek jarman.
play only 2001 since 2007 turunen live song nightwish ex - frontwoman play tarja live song own when although 1999 do album start riff miss band song||the song was played live only between 1999 and 2001, but since 2007 tarja turunen, nightwish ex-frontwoman, is playing the song live with her own band, although when she does, the riff that starts off the song on the album is missing.
williams january 1988 english bear professional footballer 25 danny left accrington play stanley winger||danny williams (born 25 january 1988) is an english professional footballer who plays as a left winger for accrington stanley.
times news source cover kosovo news beyond one kosovo google||the kosovo times is one of the sources of google news for the news covering kosovo and beyond.
hour digital group 24 release include killer price bish release first have 300 yen||the first 24 hours of the digital release had all of the group's releases including killer bish priced at 300 yen.
important show promote show awa year most||the show was promoted as the awa's most important show of the year.
december rodney green bear sprinter specialize meter 1985 bahamian 100 8||rodney green (born 8 december 1985) is a bahamian sprinter who specializes in the 100 meters.
hot spend songs chart twenty country peak 1992 number song four week||the song spent twenty weeks on the hot country songs charts in 1992, peaking at number four.
quantavius bear richardson 23 actor september brandon 1984 american||brandon quantavius richardson (born september 23, 1984) is an american actor.
alan sonny 29 partin june phillup bear convict california sacramento currently 1965 murderer american florida row state prison death florida||phillup alan "sonny" partin (born june 29, 1965 in sacramento, california) is an american convicted murderer currently on florida death row at the florida state prison.
mixed pairs mixed world championship pair hold championship bridge four year part world championships gender bridge||the world mixed pairs championship is a bridge championship for mixed-gender pairs held every four years as part of the world bridge championships.
french rugby association federation ffr war world government second vichy sport act recover ban struggle||during the second world war, in association with the french rugby federation (ffr), the sport was banned by the vichy government, an act from which it has struggled to recover.
debut film american lovely louise australia emigrate||louise lovely's american film debut after emigrating from australia.
member american drive veteran harley motorcycle motorcycle davidson japanese bike type||the type motorcycles members drive everything from american veteran motorcycles through harley davidson to japanese bikes.
make bristol brass initiate 1700 darby abraham local because well upstream supply later move saltford keynsham family water||local brass making was initiated in bristol around 1700 by the family of abraham darby who later moved upstream because of the better water supply at saltford and keynsham.
suppose team ac originally have allianssi league refuse league license subsequently 13 only play team 14||the league was originally supposed to have 14 teams, but ac allianssi was refused a license, and the league was subsequently played with only 13 teams.
. d. degree earn ed university harvard||she earned her ed.d. degree at harvard university.
know panamarathupatty panchayat panaimarathupatti salem district town state indian tamil nadu also||panaimarathupatti (also known as panamarathupatty) is a panchayat town in salem district in the indian state of tamil nadu.
battle order operation listing significant formation winter line diadem involve anzio bridgehead fighting south june may diadem result operation rome 1944 anzio allied breakout lead breakthrough rome cassino capture||operation diadem order of battle is a listing of the significant formations that were involved in the fighting on the winter line and at the anzio bridgehead south of rome during operation diadem in may - june 1944 which resulted in the allied breakthrough at cassino and the breakout at anzio leading to the capture of rome.
that use advocate treat claim wide physical simple psychological form self disorder technique administer variety therapy||advocates claim that the technique may be used to treat a wide variety of physical and psychological disorders, and as a simple form of self-administered therapy.
specie south america four native have central||it has four species, native to south and central america.
know pulverturm single gold achieve belgium 1998 top 20 south dutch africa french billboard well reach chart||he is best known for his 1998 single "pulverturm" which achieved gold in belgium and south africa and reached the top 20 of french and dutch billboard charts.
marius 2015 programming project source project gripsgard code ubports where now foundation reside transfer seed ubports||the ubports project was seeded by marius gripsgard in 2015 and the programming source code for the project was transferred to the ubports foundation where it now resides.
much describe available general equipment enable public thereby imposter necessary commit obtain above material purchase crime||much of the equipment described above is available for purchase by the general public, thereby enabling imposters to obtain the necessary materials to commit such a crime.
flood 1914 river watershed city 1918 town locate sweep tacoma contaminate water company nagrom stream sewage city supply settlement water||between 1914 and 1918, flooding rivers and streams in the city of tacoma's watershed which was located in and around the town of nagrom, swept sewage and contaminated water from the company settlement into the city's water supply.
album american surrender fourth alternative anberlin release band studio september 2008 30 rock||surrender is the fourth studio album by american alternative rock band anberlin, released on september 30, 2008.
suit international become notoriety madonna media pervasive because stea appear topic talk news such maury povich discuss show||because of the international notoriety of madonna, the suit became a pervasive media topic with stea discussed in the news and appearing on talk shows such as maury povich.
attorney texas farabee father state austin wichita former democratic falls ray texas senator 1988 1975 west area serve||his father, ray farabee, was an attorney in austin, texas, and a democratic former state senator for the wichita falls and west texas area, having served from 1975 to 1988.
abbreviate arkadiki tileorasi radiofonia local art radio station serve arcadia greek television||arkadiki radiofonia tileorasi (abbreviated art) is a greek local radio and television station serving arcadia.
start lotion sapat follow company foray industry product tea result otc first sapat sapat 10 rank top chai india company package tea introduction||the company started with sapat lotion, its first otc product followed by a foray into the tea industry, resulting in the introduction of sapat chai, sapat is ranked among the top 10 packaged tea companies in india.
queensland season 16th queensland cup level league statewide top 2011 rugby competition||2011 queensland cup was the 16th season of queensland's top-level statewide rugby league competition.
nodule great case majority unsightly disable painful case nuisance more way especially skin break overlying if painful||in the great majority of cases nodules are not painful or disabling in any way, being more of an unsightly nuisance, but in some cases they can be painful, especially if the overlying skin breaks down.
regulation update consolidate make act periodically building version 2010 current rewrite regulations late||the regulations made under the act have been periodically updated, rewritten or consolidated, with the latest and current version being the building regulations 2010.
office roye take january 1870 3||roye took office on 3 january 1870.
5th national assembly republic federal june bicameral inaugurate 3 run legislature nigeria assembly june 2007 5 2003 till course||the 5th national assembly of the federal republic of nigeria is a bicameral legislature inaugurated on june 3, 2003 and the assembly ran its course till june 5, 2007.
amunherkhepeshef ramesses prince royal know scribe title general cavalry hold||as a prince, he was known as ramesses amunherkhepeshef and held the titles of royal scribe and cavalry general.
simpson defeat lewis graham warder laurie 1983 win benson chris russell david double hedges competition open||chris lewis and russell simpson defeated david graham and laurie warder to win the 1983 benson and hedges open doubles competition.
promotions 1998 committee city auckland fund parade vote||in 1998, the auckland city promotions committee voted against funding the parade.
shoes company 1996 tony osiris found magnusson skate chen reid tony shoe brian doug kim weston laura||osiris shoes is a skate shoe company that was founded in 1996 by tony chen, tony magnusson, brian reid, doug weston and laura kim.
velocity probe probe capable velocity particle measure acoustic particle||a particle velocity probe is a probe capable of measuring the acoustic particle velocity.
downland chalk call situate town part expanse cranborne southern chalk include chase nearby large plain dorset downs england salisbury||the town is situated on chalk downland called cranborne chase, part of a large expanse of chalk in southern england which includes the nearby salisbury plain and dorset downs.
contreras bear january alberto 1978 peruvian 26 rossel wba boxer champion flyweight light former||alberto rossel contreras (born january 26, 1978) is a peruvian boxer and former wba light flyweight champion.
architecture rail become historic popular destination river stay easy budapest tourist access||due to its historic architecture and easy rail and river access, it has become a popular destination for tourists staying in budapest.
first zealand member party new||she is a member of the new zealand first party.
work bring part stand direction end object pull||bring the working end towards the direction of pull and between the standing part and the object.
widespread acclaim album meet critical||the album was met with widespread critical acclaim.
war world operate united city flint states lines cargo army ii requirement allocate||during the world war ii city of flint was being operated by united states lines allocated to army cargo requirements.
title tamil film telugu rangeela vaa mutham dub thara||this film dubbed is in tamil titled mutham thara vaa and in telugu as rangeela.
plate vehicle european number use mandatory plate registration registration mark union display respective states vehicle member||vehicle registration plates of the european union are the mandatory number plates used to display the registration mark of a vehicle in the respective member states.
locate queens position hobart domain small rise prominent river city overlook derwent capital||it is located in the capital hobart in a prominent position on the queens domain, on a small rise overlooking the city and river derwent.
well fail single as hit as previous donovan sell time go uk hit 40 final top||the singles had failed to sell as well as his previous hits and "as time goes by" would be donovan's final uk top 40 hit.
creek riley pioneer jim settler jim name have||jim creek has the name of jim riley, a pioneer settler.
15th include development major large occur siege as well century major mortar introduction power accuracy range improvement drastically increase||major developments occurred throughout the 15th century, including the introduction of large siege mortars as well as major improvements that drastically increased range, power, and accuracy.
pittsburgh base rodgers songwriter singer emily pennsylvania||emily rodgers is a pittsburgh, pennsylvania based singer-songwriter.
if like that hornsleth village eventually say name describe as business well transaction change participate pay project wherein pose straightforward photograph villager||hornsleth, who said that he would like it if the village's name were eventually changed as well, described it as a straightforward business transaction, wherein he paid the villagers to participate in his project and pose for photographs.
bind phosphotyrosine domain relate phosphotyrosine insulin receptor tensin bind substrate-1 domain||the phosphotyrosine-binding domain of insulin receptor substrate-1 is not related to the phosphotyrosine-binding domain of tensin.
national 2013 andrew mcnamara complete ride grand run forpadydeplasterer course||forpadydeplasterer ran in the 2013 grand national, ridden by andrew mcnamara, but did not complete the course.
- material non ability permit conductive complete invisibility operate||its ability to operate through any non-conductive material permits complete invisibility.
sudrashan third author add edition s.||the third edition added s. sudrashan as an author.
home often more care refer home medical care accurately care formal health||in home medical care is often and more accurately referred to as home health care or formal care.
however penance sacrament usually reconciliation apostolic sin last pardon rites part administer forgive||however, the sacrament of penance, or reconciliation, which does forgive sins, is usually administered along with the apostolic pardon as a part of the last rites.
multiple plate record spin world spathaky david hold assist woolley 108 simultaneously plate guinness debbie thailand 1996 television bangkok spin||the guinness world record for spinning multiple plates is held by david spathaky, assisted by debbie woolley, who spun 108 plates simultaneously in bangkok, thailand, on television in 1996.
judicial bernalillo county system metropolitan area mexico bernalillo new metropolitan county new mexico court albuquerque||the bernalillo county metropolitan court is the judicial system of the metropolitan areas of albuquerque, new mexico and bernalillo county, new mexico.
al plane celebration eid delegation carry fitr||the plane was carrying a delegation to an eid al-fitr celebration.
2,000,000 copy exceed album shipment||the shipments of the album exceed over 2,000,000 copies.
coloradensis only cuneifron describe same specie find author same year state colorado us||its only species, cuneifrons coloradensis, described by the same author in the same year, is found in the us state of colorado.
sweat heels reality series american blood television january premiere 5 bravo 2014||blood, sweat & heels was an american reality television series that premiered on january 5, 2014, on bravo.
10,449 administrative post census 2004 six sucos ailili iliheu divide sau ma'abat aiteas cribas inhabitant||the administrative post with 10,449 inhabitants (census 2004) is divided in six sucos: ailili, aiteas, cribas, iliheu, ma'abat and sau.
hall fellowship theater annually annual hold 2004 since luncheon continue member fame work also emerge present theater broadway artist salute grant||an annual theater hall of fame fellowship luncheon has been held annually since 2004 to salute a member "who continues to work on broadway and also presents grants to emerging theater artists."
exempt suppressor national united firearms act integrate therefore because rifle attach permanently states||therefore, the integrated suppressor is exempt from the national firearms act in the united states, because it is permanently attached to the rifle.
return norway become later destroyer flotilla two z26 month flagship||z26 returned to norway two months later and became flagship of a destroyer flotilla.
bear roman professional tudoreanu 1987 tennis 4 player march member moldova davis team cup moldova||roman tudoreanu (born march 4, 1987) is a professional tennis player from moldova and member of the moldova davis cup team.
illinois university produce edwardsville new media southern collaboration association astrosphere||it is produced as a collaboration between southern illinois university edwardsville and astrosphere new media association.
burlingham also originally mill miller build postmill john local||the mill was originally built for john burlingham, who was also the miller at a local postmill.
launch audit collect palestinian oversee minister tax deal financial business aid direct pna||the minister deals with launching audits, collecting tax from palestinian businesses and overseeing financial aid directed to the pna.
team round qualification 9 team participate progress 9 knockout round total||a total of 9 teams participated in the qualification round with all 9 teams progressing to the knockout round.
canadian team junior 2008 ontario championships 6 curling finish record represent playoff 6||the team represented ontario at the 2008 canadian junior curling championships, finishing with a 6-6 record, out of the playoffs.
dangerous shopping rival buyer slander beware channel as rival item channel||buyer beware - a dangerous item from a rival shopping channel was slandered as was the rival channel.
1946 redesignate landplane 10 squadron patrol may heavy vp 1946 patrol squadron 15 redesignate hl-10 september 1 disestablish 1948 31 vp-20 november 20 1949 march||may 1946, redesignated heavy patrol squadron (landplane) 10 (vp-hl-10) on 15 november 1946, redesignated patrol squadron 20 (vp-20) on 1 september 1948 and disestablished on 31 march 1949.
bowling game ball shape play feather wooden way cheese similar wheel||feather bowling is a game played with wooden balls shaped in a similar way to cheese wheels.
multiple make kentucky miss go commonwealth notable contribution nation||multiple miss kentucky's have gone on to make notable contributions throughout the commonwealth and around the nation.
broadband mhz 3700 225 use mobile mhz spectrum||mobile broadband uses the spectrum of 225 mhz to 3700 mhz.
currently west station central broadcastingthe one adult own album only alternative station station louisiana four||the station is currently owned by west central broadcastingthe station is one of only four adult album alternative stations in louisiana.
australia victoria beauchamp rural area swan hill local shire city government gannawarra place||beauchamp is a place in victoria, australia in the local government area of the rural city of swan hill and the shire of gannawarra.
pupko 1886 bear radin rabbi lithuania poupko 1961 march 18 1886 eliezer||rabbi eliezer poupko (or pupko) (1886-1961) was born in radin, lithuania, on march 18, 1886.
purpose pamphlet evaluation means liberty liberty give militant provide authoritarianism area assessment||the purpose of the militant liberty pamphlet was to provide a means of evaluation and assessment of liberty or authoritarianism in any given area.
state tree protest cut log industry that hadwin||hadwin stated that he cut the tree down as a protest against the logging industry.
1964 column collapse||by 1964, its columns were collapsing.
biosphere reserve contain september unesco 2009 designate part hectare mountain massif 1,300 arrowsmith park mt. regional 18||the mountain is contained within a unesco biosphere reserve and as of september 18, 2009 is designated part of 1,300 hectare mt. arrowsmith massif regional park.
official journal politics technology environmental section science science american association journal political||the journal is the official journal of the science, technology and environmental politics section of the american political science association.
compatibility maple giac expressionsinbar mode have ti-92 software ti-89 mupad ti calculator 200 nspire voyage qcas||giac has a compatibility mode with maple and mupad and qcas and expressionsinbar software and ti-89, ti-92, voyage 200 and ti-nspire calculators.
2007 adult karma cape thriller drama direct pankaj secret dark film shoot advani plot scotland||cape karma is a 2007 adult thriller drama film directed by pankaj advani, with a "dark secrets" plot, shot in scotland.
live andrew son london north martin wife||andrew martin lives in north london with his wife and sons.
execute water nadu supply drainage tamil twad funding board cooperation jbic japan use schedule international nadu river tamil cauvery bank water share||it is scheduled to be executed by tamil nadu water supply and drainage board (twad), with funding from japan bank for international cooperation (jbic) using tamil nadu's share of cauvery river water.
nominate upon competitive representative highly page process base application||pages were nominated by representatives based upon a highly competitive application process.
bittersweet combine sound vocal visceral blue describe drum guitar ethereal influence riff||their sound has been described as combining "ethereal, bittersweet vocals" with "visceral guitar riffs" and "blues-influenced drums".
camera modern video enough use hold hand small professional virtually video camera many specifically such electronic hand hold design gathering use electronic eng field news efp production||virtually all modern video cameras are small enough for hand-held use, but many professional video cameras are designed specifically for hand-held use such as for electronic news-gathering (eng), and electronic field production (efp).
host multiple datum trust separate set concurrent xts-400 different level network user sensitivity||the xts-400 can host, and be trusted to separate, multiple, concurrent data sets, users, and networks at different sensitivity levels.
bear 1972 burr march sport ryan 17 journalist television pittsburgh pennsylvania||ryan burr (born march 17, 1972, pittsburgh, pennsylvania) is a sports television journalist.
upon passion pain receive release pleasure review music most critic positive||upon its release, passion, pain & pleasure received positive reviews from most music critics.
notable island labor system farming mixed intensive use indigenous unique agricultural technique population high advanced correspondingly density||the island is notable for its unique indigenous system of labor-intensive mixed farming, using advanced agricultural techniques, and a correspondingly high population density.
bear 1958 english january former 13 cricketer burrow||burrow (born 13 january 1958) is a former english cricketer.
soul blue music late blue 1960 1970 develop soul combine style contemporary early urban music music element||soul blues is a style of blues music developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s that combines elements of soul music and urban contemporary music.
new do jersey||what am i doing in new jersey?
form arisan credit savings culture association form indonesian microfinance rotating||an arisan is a form of rotating savings and credit association in indonesian culture, a form of microfinance.
southeastern welwyn welwyn saskatchewan manitoba border community||welwyn welwyn is a community in southeastern saskatchewan, near the manitoba border.
fis 2013 win world silver ski medal championships freestyle||he won a silver medal at the 2013 fis freestyle world ski championships.
defining family feature peristome toothed 4||the defining feature of the family is the 4-toothed peristome.
currently floor drilon philippines leader serve term senate senate minority fourth||drilon is currently the minority floor leader of the senate of the philippines and serving his fourth term in the senate.
oricon where chart 11 week one chart remain||it charted at #11 on the oricon charts, where it remained for one weeks.
die bill 39th parliament paper election dissolve prematurely call september 2008 7 when order||the bill died on the order paper when the 39th parliament was dissolved prematurely and an election was called on september 7, 2008.
cruz 481 186 important u.s. 1987 york united states supreme court new that decision bar admission joint clause trial hold confrontation codefendant nontestifying incriminate confession if own confession defendant even defendant admit||cruz v. new york, 481 u.s. 186 (1987), was an important united states supreme court decision which held that the confrontation clause barred the admission, in a joint trial, of a nontestifying codefendant's confession incriminating the defendant, even if the defendant's own confession was admitted against him.
hill like mr. mr. boom produce kool grayskul bap lif other keith project||mr. hill has produced for the likes of kool keith, mr. lif, boom bap project and grayskul, among others.
group tell popularity man radio show young talk rise story||it tells the story of a group of young men and the rising popularity of their radio talk show.
5.7 hectare nature nature halse reserve south woodford reserve woodford northamptonshire halse||woodford halse nature reserve is a 5.7 hectare nature reserve south of woodford halse in northamptonshire.
lahore raise educate pakistan||she was raised and educated in lahore, pakistan.
village saaremaa western estonia parish saare salu county||salu is a village in saaremaa parish, saare county in western estonia.
second empery start retire finish limited stud career success subsequent only||empery finished second in his only subsequent start and was retired to a stud career of limited success.
six hsgp project original consolidation office stem state previously creation fund preparedness coordination government local||the hsgp's creation stemmed from the consolidation of six original projects that were previously funded by the office of state and local government coordination and preparedness.
21 1992 hutch bear actor may american artist producer musician dano writer||hutch dano (born may 21, 1992) is an american actor, writer, producer, musician, and artist.
group member four formal other only vocal one recording besides highwaymen rodriguez appear johnny vocal artist provide recording woody guthrie composition spanish deportee highwayman||besides the four formal members of the group, only one other vocal recording artist appeared on a highwaymen recording: johnny rodriguez, who provided spanish vocal on "deportee", a woody guthrie composition, from "highwayman".
david trial hawkins spartanburg carolina lawyer john south||john david hawkins is a trial lawyer from spartanburg, south carolina.
thomas take four wicket ball june 2014 game championship sussex county four||in june 2014, thomas took four wickets in four balls in a county championship game against sussex.
office call remain operation 1941 craige establish 1898 post||a post office called craige was established in 1898, and remained in operation until 1941.
seldom lord more commonly just rector incumbent know refer rector||seldom referred to as lord rector, the incumbent is more commonly known just as the rector.
second park stint club palmerston||this was his second stint with the palmerston park club.
calgary archbishop current||he is the current archbishop of calgary.
middle anastomose collateral artery||it anastomoses with the middle collateral artery.
locate hillsborough west west 1 downtown tampa approximately river mile||west tampa is located west of the hillsborough river approximately 1 mile from downtown.
ivan fields bear british gifi businessman 1951 designer fashion june||ivan "gifi" fields (born june 1951) is a british fashion designer and businessman.
wide general variety specialist show run cater many dunedin interest audience cover such radio station only play local other new overgrown only new cannabis zealand reform law theme content radio show zealand||it runs a wide variety of general interest and specialist shows, many of them catering for audiences not covered by dunedin's other radio stations, such as the local which plays only new zealand content and overgrown which is new zealand's only cannabis law reform themed radio show.
while claudia model ciesla runner german 5,000,000 51 polish up second||5,000,000, while german-polish model claudia ciesla was the runners-up by 51 seconds.
list national complex places historic 2005 register designate district 2016 national historic landmark||the complex was listed on the national register of historic places in 2005, and was designated a national historic landmark district in 2016.
minor potential placing injury involve damage practice glasgow discourage cone strathclyde council police city that||due to minor damage and the potential for injury that the placing of cones involves, the practice has been discouraged by glasgow city council and strathclyde police.
11 troy year enjoy hudson pass nba career rise 2007 draft 1997 allude album undrafte||troy hudson, who enjoyed an 11-year nba career after being passed over in the 1997 draft, alluded to his rise in his 2007 album undrafted.
history win 9 year only event time player ivan lendl play career slot||the only player in history who has won all 9 of the "slots" (times of the year these events are played) in his career is ivan lendl.
driver racing vincenzo trucco italy milan||vincenzo trucco was a racing driver from milan, italy.
ganj nagar panchayat district town unnao uttar pradesh state india muradabad||ganj muradabad is a town and a nagar panchayat in unnao district in the state of uttar pradesh, india.
film crime noir american spider robert direct richard webb star d. marlowe faye kreuger 1945 kurt conte||the spider is a 1945 american crime film noir directed by robert d. webb and starring richard conte, faye marlowe, and kurt kreuger.
technology microsoft activation product microsoft drm use program computer corporation most windows notably system operating software productivity suite office several||microsoft product activation is a drm technology used by microsoft corporation in several of its computer software programs, most notably its windows operating system and its office productivity suite.
accident when sentence consummation subsequent prevent course administration state malevolence suggestion law affect criminal process requirement amendment due account fourteenth||when an accident, with no suggestion of malevolence, prevents the consummation of a sentence, the state's subsequent course in the administration of its criminal law is not affected on that account by any requirement of due process under the fourteenth amendment.
categorize noir film historian||some film historians have categorized it as a noir.
here claim village force army republic herzegovina hvo bosnia||hvo forces claimed the village of here from the army of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina.
revolve film twin story student torture killer serial abduct sadistic||the film's story revolves around a student's twin who was abducted and tortured by a sadistic serial killer.
beetle tribe trogossitini subfamily trogossitinae||trogossitini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily trogossitinae.
special repository have use oms store link database detail oem||an oms has special links with a repository database, used for storing oem details.
six take eleven man competitor four part sport event||six competitors, all men, took part in eleven events in four sports.
root sprout also layer spread shallow||it can also spread by sprouting from shallow roots and by layering.
note experimental sound group dub noise band rock odd metal critic past noise||the band's sound is noted for being odd and experimental, and the group has been dubbed as "noise rock" or "noise metal" in the past by critics.
give sixty seventy average majority symphonic nationally orchestra concert annually radio broadcast||the orchestra gives an average of sixty to seventy symphonic concerts annually, the majority of which are broadcast nationally on the radio.
peak singles song italian 5 chart number||the song peaked at number 5 on the italian singles chart.
1,730 2010 housing contain census population unit 751||as of the 2010 census, its population was 1,730 and it contained 751 housing units.
area invade - native grass non bromus soft chess mollis specie vulpia spp include fescue annual||the area has been invaded by non-native species of grasses including soft chess (bromus mollis) and annual fescue (vulpia spp.).
short live though long upon have last subcontinent indian effect politic||though it was short-lived, it had long-lasting effects upon the politics of the indian subcontinent.
establish accurate frequency magnitude primarily loss data probability concern event||it is primarily concerned with establishing accurate probabilities for the frequency and magnitude of data loss events.
other spiral spin spiral sequence e.g. step qualify bonus element death||all other elements (e.g. spins, spirals, death spirals, step sequences) do not qualify for this bonus.
game opinion thing decide soup whether player||in the game, the player must decide whether or not things are, in their opinion, soup.
l.59 select production l.55 l.57 culminate cancel macchi||the l.55 and l.57 culminated in the l.59 which was selected for production by macchi, but canceled.
boys 1986 action zero budget write direct low mastorakis nico horror b movie||the zero boys is a low-budget 1986 action-horror b-movie, written and directed by nico mastorakis.
use purpose imperial unit still other united british country kingdom||british imperial units are still used for some purposes in the united kingdom and some other countries.
entertainment neversoft developer game found video american mick july joel jewett west 1994 ward chris||neversoft entertainment was an american video game developer, founded in july 1994 by joel jewett, mick west and chris ward.
charge strictly nfia confidential free service||nfia's services are free of charge and strictly confidential.
20 jordan bear league lane rugby play october forward footballer row fc league super 1997 hull second||jordan lane (born 20 october 1997) is a rugby league footballer who plays as a second-row forward for hull fc in the super league.
compete pursuit team new 2004 finish olympic games where zealand tenth||he competed in the team pursuit at the 2004 olympic games, where new zealand finished tenth.
dupuis clara louis negin furey nolot charlotte rampling udo star film gregory kier jacques roy mathieu hlady de amalric maria chaplin medeiros geraldine sparks||the film stars roy dupuis, clara furey, louis negin, jacques nolot, charlotte rampling, udo kier, gregory hlady, sparks, mathieu amalric, maria de medeiros and geraldine chaplin.
locate juskatla community inlet inlet large masset sidewater juskatla||the community of juskatla is located on juskatla inlet, the largest of masset inlet's sidewaters.
most sample rompler term base software describe vstis such often instrument||the term rompler most often describes sample based software instruments such as vstis.
april 18 karl reindler australian 1985 previously driver bear compete racing championship supercars||karl reindler (born 18 april 1985) is an australian racing driver, who has previously competed in the supercars championship.
win wave good 2017 night deutscher music fernsehpreis||the wave and we are the night and won the deutscher fernsehpreis for best music in 2017.
material transfer mechanical genera genetic define family kingdom||they are defined as mechanical transfer of genetic material between genera, families or kingdoms.
alberta bain canada locality||bain is a locality in alberta, canada.
mainit municipality landscape springs protect hot home||the municipality is home to the mainit hot springs protected landscape.
use sedative strong hypnotic primarily property||due to its strong sedative properties, it is primarily used as a hypnotic.
butte abruptly moraine rattlesnake rise cascades absolute front cedar ledge||cedar butte rises abruptly from the moraine between rattlesnake ledge and the absolute front of the cascades.
most often proarticulata annelid arthropod ediacarian correct interpret necessarily ancestral fauna||it is most often interpreted as an ancestral arthropod, annelid and proarticulata, but as with all ediacarian fauna this is not necessarily correct.
music florilegium recording volumes baroque collaboration bolivian 1 ensemble 2||among her recordings are the collaborations with the florilegium music ensemble on bolivian baroque volumes 1 & 2.
deem referee time commit if third down minute count last also deliberate have right require three half offensive put team ball 20 legally else second forfeit possession play||if the referee deems a time count committed on third down in the last three minutes of a half to be deliberate, he also has the right to require the offensive team to put the ball in play legally within 20 seconds or else forfeit possession.
dance lounge club club club prior reportedly teenbeat first pussycat dance world club commissioner teen steve county former miller own||prior to being the pussycat lounge, the club was a dance club, teenbeat club, which was reportedly the first teen dance club in the world and was owned by former county commissioner steve miller.
leptoglypta cocculina sea sea marine limpet snail species gastropod cocculinidae family deep mollusk||cocculina leptoglypta is a species of sea snail, deep-sea limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family cocculinidae.
november arnhem 28 bear 1852 netherlands boissevain||boissevain was born in arnhem, netherlands on november 28, 1852.
place weekend 1988 take start year august second||started in 1988, it takes place on the second weekend of august every year.
york new physician group st. louis st. san chicago work francisco paul form new chapter angeles los||it is working with groups of physicians in new york, chicago, st. louis, st. paul, san francisco and los angeles to form new chapters.
highly oxidative prone strained addition metal cyclopropane complex transition||being highly strained, cyclopropanes are prone to oxidative addition to transition metal complexes.
tales fear trifecta popular haunt anthology horror form ec crypt||along with tales from the crypt and the haunt of fear, it formed a trifecta of popular ec horror anthologies.
bank language refugee service often community immigrant service provider health collaboration american often red cross such||language banks often service immigrant or refugee communities, often in collaboration with health service providers such as the american red cross.
bear rutland 1988 april american football currently free agent 2 kevin cornerback||kevin rutland (born april 2, 1988) is an american football cornerback who is currently a free agent.
money medical devolve research gain foundation amref african||the money gained will be devolved to the african medical and research foundation (amref).
star series guest several number have film appear movie feature television television||she has guest starred in several television series and has appeared in a number of feature films and television movies.
class township second manchester pennsylvania wayne county||manchester is a second-class township in wayne county, pennsylvania.
71 us former neosho endpoint unincorporate tipton alignment city ford only route||it is a former alignment of us 71 and the endpoints of neosho and unincorporated tipton ford are the only cities on the route.
schwaz austrian district kaltenbach municipality state tyrol||kaltenbach is a municipality in the schwaz district in the austrian state of tyrol.
new affiliate zealand council transport international workers federation rmtu trade new labor party unions zealand||the rmtu is affiliated with the new zealand council of trade unions, the international transport workers' federation and the new zealand labor party.
garfield county washington u.s. locate county state||garfield county is a county located in the u.s. state of washington.
partner run grossman automotive nora produce found company production 2012 bristol||he and his producing partner nora grossman run bristol automotive, a production company that they founded in 2012.
550 rdx60 report rover project mg base platform derive development rover when fail mg rover 75||the 550 was reported to be derived from the mg rover rdx60 project (itself based on the platform of the rover 75) which was under development when mg rover failed.
yizhar july 5 hess executive 1967 director conservative bear also judaism israel know ceo masorti movement||yizhar hess (born july 5, 1967) is the executive director and ceo of the conservative judaism movement in israel, also known as masorti.
record australia where find south australia australia western||it is found in australia, where it has been recorded from south australia and western australia.
1949 chart top recording reach billboard 40 armstrong 29 number louis||louis armstrong's 1949 recording charted in the billboard top 40, reaching number 29.
canada issue license driver reside territory government province driver||in canada, driver's licenses are issued by the government of the province or territory in which the driver is residing.
2015 band announce facebook frank support rattlesnakes reunite carter tour september||in september 2015 the band announced via facebook they would be reuniting to support frank carter & the rattlesnakes on tour.
musician alia matt experimental anderson bit_meddler||bit_meddler is the alias of experimental musician matt anderson.
grallator stilt species arethaea katydid family tettigoniidae walker phaneropterine katydid||arethaea grallator, the stilt-walker katydid, is a species of phaneropterine katydid in the family tettigoniidae.
similar sareta large lacinipolia well define adult broad crisper forewing slightly forewing maculation||adults are similar to lacinipolia sareta, but are slightly larger with a broader forewing and better-defined, crisper forewing maculation.
establish various philippine law||both of which were established by various philippine laws.
dutch discuss involvement war article civil syrian||this article discusses the dutch involvement in the syrian civil war.
hold gynacantha specimen australian national csiro collection average dobsoni 35 wingspan overall include appendage length mm determine mm 109 insect 78||from 35 specimens of gynacantha dobsoni held in the australian national insect collection at the csiro, an average wingspan of 109mm and overall length (including appendages) of 78mm has been determined.
actress indian telugu film appear malayalam tamil binu film industry||binu is an indian film actress, who appears in malayalam, telugu and tamil film industry.
ed bentham carpenter driver coach coach series josef previously currently indycar newgarden||bentham is currently the driver coach for ed carpenter in the indycar series, having previously coached josef newgarden.
story aarp love magazine 2010 win year good musical score film international 2010 critics award association comedy music||love story of the year (2010) by aarp magazine, and won the 2010 "best musical score for a comedy" award by the international film music critics association.
also school medium offer subject option language sanskrit bengali||the bengali-medium school also offers sanskrit language as a subject option.
8 bear april 1981 adventurer polar jinman antony british||antony jinman (born 8 april 1981) is a british polar adventurer.
large park while park city high large park rouge rouge park extend park entirely neighbor pickering city markham city as||while rouge park is the city's largest park, high park is the largest park entirely within the city, as rouge park extends into the neighboring cities of markham and pickering.
pressurize 105 bag 220 pop gradient valve set mmhg pressure regulate pressure target||the bag is pressurized to 105-220 mmhg, pressure gradient is regulated by pop-off valves set to the target pressure.
meurthe et department northeastern beuvezin france moselle commune||beuvezin is a commune in the meurthe-et-moselle department in northeastern france.
dupuis clara louis negin furey nolot charlotte rampling udo star film gregory kier jacques roy mathieu hlady de amalric maria chaplin medeiros geraldine sparks||the film stars roy dupuis, clara furey, louis negin, jacques nolot, charlotte rampling, udo kier, gregory hlady, sparks, mathieu amalric, maria de medeiros and geraldine chaplin.
weight regular medium contain italic corresponding numeral light bold four variation||it contains four weights: light, regular, medium, and bold (with corresponding italics) and variations of numerals.
500,000 sponsor contract move snowboarding nitro omatic sign leave snowboards forum snowboard 2009 join||after this he signed a contract for $500,000 to move from sponsor omatic snowboarding to nitro snowboards which he left in 2009 to join forum snowboards.
80.7 voter turnout 55.4 proper % denmark faroes %||voter turnout was 80.7% in denmark proper and 55.4% in the faroes.
study effect proxemic population space that use have behavior social communication density human interaction||proxemics is the study of human use of space and the effects that population density has on behavior, communication, and social interaction.
complete january last remain sale 2015.it 1 abc station have affiliate group tv||the sale was completed on january 1, 2015.it was the last remaining tv station group that didn't have an abc affiliate.
west coast wampatuck war states united 6 decommission francisco may san 1946 shift||shifting to the united states west coast after the war, wampatuck was decommissioned at san francisco on 6 may 1946.
recently additional other biosynthetic cluster plant biosynthetic organization common pathway osbourn 2010 other detect plant||recently, additional biosynthetic clusters have been detected in other plants for other biosynthetic pathways and this organization might be common in plants (osbourn 2010).
serve 2000 louis judge circuit circuit county saint university louis st. 1998 1998 court 1994 circuit law judge school associate court same||from 1998 to 2000, he served as a circuit judge in the st. louis county circuit court saint louis university school of law; from 1994 to 1998 he was an associate circuit judge in the same court.
saying world reference turtle mythological counterpart world elephant antecedent number century 18th author make 17th||references to the saying's mythological antecedents, the world turtle and its counterpart the world elephant, were made by a number of authors in the 17th and 18th centuries.
2000 have newspaper drop copy sale 43.000 average copy lose lead sport 2009 newspaper 79.910||in 2000, the newspaper had average sales of around 79.910 copies, dropping to 43.000 copies in 2009, and losing the lead in sports newspapers.
beetle microtheca picea family leaf species chrysomelidae||microtheca picea is a species of leaf beetle in the family chrysomelidae.
currently founder network ceo form jackson govcloud agency business parallel leverage nature assist cloud consultancy global computing||jackson is currently the ceo & founder, govcloud network, a consultancy formed to assist agencies and businesses leverage the parallel and global nature of cloud computing.
copyright episode start regular first episode office hellride 1 season number||copyright office starts numbering the episodes with "hellride", the first regular episode of season 1.
also relate acid have formic acid hydrogen instead chlorine structurally chloroformic||chloroformic acid is also structurally related to formic acid, which has a hydrogen instead of the chlorine.
amplifier vacuum cross first tube specialized field introduce cfa use amplifier very high microwave frequently transmitter mid-1950 power||a crossed-field amplifier (cfa) is a specialized vacuum tube, first introduced in the mid-1950s and frequently used as a microwave amplifier in very-high-power transmitters.
worldwide gross top gross become walt king feature disney highest animation although film north american overtake box slightly time office gump forrest academy best picture lion second win domestic consecutive award actor best academy award hanks tom||the top worldwide grosser was the lion king, becoming the highest-grossing walt disney feature animation film of all-time, although it was slightly overtaken at the north american domestic box office by forrest gump, which won the academy award for best picture and a second consecutive academy award for best actor for tom hanks.
g. bear hartnett 24 western australia australian march manjimup earth cosmologist 1952 young john creationist||john g. hartnett (born 24 march 1952 in manjimup, western australia), is an australian young earth creationist and cosmologist.
incredible esoterica review collection feature review paris good science book one wired 2014||it was reviewed as "an incredible collection of esoterica" by the paris review, and featured as one of wired's best science books of 2014.
borough election 2001 place take 7 halton 2001 member council halton unitary june elect cheshire england council||the 2001 halton borough council election took place on 7 june 2001 to elect members of halton unitary council in cheshire, england.
basketball league base birmingham team continental sabers begin play alabama birmingham when 2010the bear birmingham move wba steel team||the birmingham sabers were a team of the continental basketball league based in birmingham, alabama that began play in 2010the team was born when the birmingham steel moved to the wba.
add various other expansion alteration see church chapel account 1496 survive tower build 1400 1445.the central stage since weather buttress crockete diagonal have three pinnacle||the chapel which was added in 1496, and various other alterations and expansions of the church can be seen in the account which have survived since 1445.the central tower, which was built around 1400, has three stages with diagonal weathered buttresses with crocketed pinnacles.
kaveh mashhad metro metro 2 shahid station station line||shahid kaveh metro station is a station of mashhad metro line 2.
games kg event 2010 62 commonwealth participate||he participated at the 2010 commonwealth games in the 62 kg event.
list reptile nation saint lucia amphibian island caribbean lesser antilles find locate||this is a list of amphibians and reptiles found on the island-nation of saint lucia, located in the caribbean lesser antilles.
titara sarki union khyber district province charsadda pakhtunkhwa town council pakistan||sarki titara is a town and union council of charsadda district in khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan.
ix provincial jhang constituency punjab assembly||pp-81 (jhang-ix) is a constituency of the provincial assembly of punjab.
nine 20 try score appearance total become cult first quickly action season hero display sixways||he scored a total of nine tries in 20 appearances in his first season at sixways and quickly became a cult hero with his all-action displays.
2011 303 accord population census have||it had a population of 303 according to the 2011 census.
represent 2015 district 46 since amedore senate york montgomery state counties new greene albany encompass counties schenectady portion ulster district||since 2015, amedore has represented district 46 in the new york state senate; his district encompasses all of montgomery and greene counties and portions of schenectady, albany, and ulster counties.
2017 continue contract join year second 2018 uhc||she joined uhc in 2017 and is continuing her contract for a second year in 2018.
2001 give international recognition however fever widespread album||however, it was the 2001 album fever, that gave her widespread international recognition.
know trance artist well have release x include koxbox gtn dream psychedelic -||some of the best-known psychedelic trance artists has releases on gtn, including x-dream and koxbox.
american actress jazz singer eden atwood||eden atwood is an american jazz singer and actress.
adventures many own pooh first cartoon one winnie release film collect together||like the many adventures of winnie the pooh, each of the cartoons had been released on its own at first before being collected together as one film.
sir son company found reed alec 1960||he is the son of sir alec reed, who founded the company in 1960.
poll top sixth lloyd stinson gray finish donovan swailes farmer||farmer (who topped the poll), gray (who finished sixth), lloyd stinson and donovan swailes.
collegiate institute vocational school gci galt waterloo school secondary school sixteen board district one region cambridge canada locate ontario||galt collegiate institute and vocational school (gci) is one of sixteen secondary schools in the waterloo region district school board, located in cambridge, ontario, canada.
c involve respiratory murg bacterial chain cytochrome enzyme bacterial biosynthesis wall cell pathway involve protein||cytochrome c is a protein involved in the bacterial respiratory chain and murg is an enzyme involved in the bacterial cell wall biosynthesis pathway.
6th munro robert existence calendar baron series legal furthermore fowlis munro preserve agreement edinburgh register writs house munro conclusively now that hold ross shire land - century 14th early early wars family prove robert begin chieftaincy independence 1299.the scottish munro||furthermore to robert munro, 6th baron's existence are the calendar munro of fowlis writs, a series of legal agreements, now preserved in the register house in edinburgh, that conclusively prove that the munro family held land in ross-shire in the early 14th century and earlier to 1299.the wars of scottish independence began during robert munro's chieftaincy.
asl videos face also viewer commonly posting negative post comment text evaluation breeding comment youtube ground audism video become trolling bullying||videos in asl posted to youtube.com also commonly face negative evaluations by viewers via their posting of comments in text - comments to youtube videos become a breeding ground for bullying, trolling, and audism.
outweigh disadvantage whether monotherapy advantage polypharmacy depend particular combination upon case involve give diagnosis risk||whether or not the advantages of polypharmacy (over monotherapy) outweigh the disadvantages or risks depends upon the particular combination and diagnosis involved in any given case.
christopher bear 14 chris october american edward bangle automobile designer 1956||christopher edward "chris" bangle (born october 14, 1956) is an american automobile designer.
known fitness sportsmanship well inspire many rude team boys camaraderie other||the rude boys were well known for their sportsmanship, fitness and camaraderie, inspiring many other teams.
differ plant waste build when management that ornl say complete 1955 1957 radioactive reference have report engineering drawing indicate annual building other fully reference suggest design be that site that 1955 1948 building||references differ as to when the plant was built; 'radioactive waste management at ornl' says that it was completed in 1957, the 1955 annual report has engineering drawings indicating that the building was fully designed in 1955, but other references suggest that there was a building on the site in 1948.
silver pan 1987 games claim american represent medal men native summer marathon twice country 1988 olympics 1984||he claimed the silver medal at the 1987 pan american games in the men's marathon, and twice represented his native country at the summer olympics (1984 and 1988).
draft 1986 make official san francisco 1987 debut although||although he was drafted in 1986, he didn't make his official debut until 1987 for san francisco.
film academy senegal best foreign first award language 2017 film submit time||senegal submitted a film for the academy award for best foreign language film for the first time in 2017.
vatupalli talented get anil movie hard director struggle next||talented director anil vatupalli was struggling hard to get his next movie.
proteuxoa moth family noctuidae cryphaea||proteuxoa cryphaea is a moth of the family noctuidae.
fourth appear album track song listing write lady jessie sexy collaborator claude term long kelly||appearing on as the fourth song on the album's track listing, "sexy lady" was written by jessie and long-term collaborator claude kelly.
result significant explosion pose risk event 85 glass fly due glass % explosion injury fly||flying glass resulting from an explosion poses a significant risk in the event; up to 85% of injuries from an explosion are due to flying glass.
player retirement coaching upon later manage united 2005 rotherham aldershot brentford enter town||upon his retirement as a player in 2005 he entered coaching and later managed brentford, rotherham united and aldershot town.
include combat speedster gold also kissel attractive pattern line bug||the "combat" line also included an attractive speedster in the kissel gold bug pattern.
number one japan hot chart single billboard 2012 list 100 japan||this is a list of number one singles on the billboard japan hot 100 chart in japan in 2012.
ausaf belong diplomat sayeed service foreign indian indian||ausaf sayeed is an indian diplomat belonging to the indian foreign service.
joint venture columbia pictures entertainment lbs lose begin december money end 1988 file lbs bankruptcy have sell 80 time 11 1991 85 distributor baywatch chapter partner american percent scotti television asset brothers||around the time that the joint venture with columbia pictures entertainment ended in 1988, lbs began to lose money, and in december 1991, lbs filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy, and had to sell 80 to 85 percent of its assets to its baywatch distributor partner the scotti brothers' all american television.
demon folklore tyrol ork alpine||the ork is a demon of tyrol alpine folklore.
online sell dynamic package travel sell online agency phone owe high margin primarily sale also price product strong||dynamic packages are primarily sold online, but online travel agencies will also sell by phone owing to the strong margins and high sale price of the product.
building serve later warehouse||later, the buildings served as a warehouse.
mike leave sherman franchione mcgee have chance pro - take senior when offense style thrive season||when franchione left and mike sherman took over, mcgee had the chance to thrive in a pro-style offense his senior season.
railway station whitehaven rowrah cleator egremont build railway||rowrah railway station was built by the whitehaven, cleator and egremont railway.
ktlf broadcast fm station contemporary 90.5 christian worship format radio adult contemporary||ktlf (90.5 fm) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary worship/christian adult contemporary format.
ditch v10 bar float introduce secondary display second display have function nearly same||it ditches the secondary display introduced by the v10 for a "floating bar" which has nearly the same functions as the second display.
find rebbachisaurid basal outside therefore haplocanthosaurus more therefore diplodocus saltasaurus diplodocoidea diplodocimorpha close||haplocanthosaurus was found to be more basal than rebbachisaurids, and therefore outside diplodocimorpha, but closer to diplodocus than saltasaurus, and therefore within diplodocoidea.
freshman texas san antonio university transfer campaign northeastern||he transferred to northeastern after his freshman campaign at university of texas san antonio.
also wing variety food menu specialize serve include quesadillas nachos sandwich mucho soup baby chicken back salad angus steak sirloin rib burger||they specialize in chicken wings, but also serve a variety of foods on their menu including mucho nachos, quesadillas, sandwiches, soups, salads, baby back ribs, angus steaks, and sirloin burgers.
subfamily simplex micronaclia arctiinae moth||micronaclia simplex is a moth of the subfamily arctiinae.
2006 leopard eye bear prestigious most colt horse win plate race canada 2009 queen||born in 2006, the colt, eye of the leopard, won canada's most prestigious horse race in 2009, the queen's plate.
quarter now significance although limited leasehold day land premise rent still old often quarter england payment day english due||the significance of quarter days is now limited, although leasehold payments and rents for land and premises in england are often still due on the old english quarter days.
focus primary turntable 1978 related such product cartridge form vinyl||formed in 1978, their primary focus is on vinyl turntables and related products such as cartridges.
unmetered internode follow internode first adam iprimus internet partner||the first unmetered partner was internode, following internode was iprimus and adam internet.
well opencast mine where technique fume safely dissipate smoke perform||this technique was best performed in opencast mines where the smoke and fumes could dissipate safely.
hazen school public high school dakota locate north high hazen||hazen high school is a public high school located in hazen, north dakota.
define clothing furniture sometimes slipcover||slipcovers are sometimes defined as "clothing for furniture."
railway peelamedu have passport center regional station||peelamedu has a railway station and a regional passport center.
village sri dombagoda lanka||dombagoda is a village in sri lanka.
begin 17 january neighbors 16th season 2000 air||the 16th season of neighbors began airing from 17 january 2000.
fortran parallel example openmp continue until thread iteration loop allow complete last||for example, a parallel do loop in fortran with openmp will not be allowed to continue on any thread until the last iteration is completed.
popularity 1980 synthesizer sampler introduction instrument number despite decline profile polyphonic high orchestral user xtc maneuvers dark||the instrument's popularity declined in the 1980s after the introduction of polyphonic synthesizers and samplers, despite a number of high-profile users like orchestral maneuvers in the dark and xtc.
gastone 1960 italian - co film direct write bonnard comedy mario alberto ferrero anna star de vittorio sica maria sordi||gastone is a 1960 italian comedy film co-written and directed by mario bonnard and starring alberto sordi, anna maria ferrero and vittorio de sica.
spacer ets refer external piece - closely functional non internal transcribe rna transcribed spacer relate ribosomal rnas common situate precursor rrna structural transcript||external transcribed spacer (ets) refers to a piece of non-functional rna, closely related to the internal transcribed spacer, which is situated outside structural ribosomal rnas (rrna) on a common precursor transcript.
navigation know personal pna navigation device assistant navigation also portable portable product personal device electronic combine pnd positioning gps such navigation function capability||a personal navigation assistant (pna) also known as personal navigation device or portable navigation device (pnd) is a portable electronic product which combines a positioning capability (such as gps) and navigation functions.
aghaderrard national tomb cairn court county court locate leitrim ireland monument||aghaderrard court tomb is a court cairn and national monument located in county leitrim, ireland.
topps corporate company many produce subsidiary trading sport relate issue primarily card||many trading card companies like topps are corporate subsidiaries that primarily produce sports related issues.
army command corrections acc command exercise states operational programming oversight united resource control support corrections acs policy army tda system element facility worldwide||the united states army corrections command (acc) exercises command and control and operational oversight for policy, programming, resourcing, and support of army corrections system (acs) facilities and tda elements worldwide.
serve water east station war waters pacific reserve onward 1936 indies china||between the wars, she served on the china station, pacific waters, east indies waters and from 1936 onwards, in reserve.
member teleosauridae early discover marine deposit non -||some of the early members of teleosauridae have been discovered in non-marine deposits.
general keep secretary finally progress regularly negotiation council inform report minurso make end period mandate set 30 request 2011 april provide||finally, the secretary-general was requested to keep the council regularly informed on progress made during the negotiations, providing a report before the end of minurso's mandate period, set at april 30, 2011.
winnipeg play blue cfl saints new orleans kansas city bombers browns baltimore chiefs cleveland nfl ravens thompson||thompson played for the winnipeg blue bombers of the cfl and the new orleans saints, kansas city chiefs, cleveland browns, and the baltimore ravens of the nfl.
build use 103rd infantry ohio reunion hold member war barrack||members of the 103rd ohio infantry built and used the barracks to hold reunions after the war.
chelaethiops specie fish elongatus cyprinidae african family freshwater||chelaethiops elongatus is an african species of freshwater fish in the family cyprinidae.
single label first 1996 release traceys island notable most label ghost band such signing dead america vocalist black miss million successful turner go forge solo career frank||the first release on the label was 1996 single 'ghost island' by the traceys, but the label is most notable for signing bands such as miss black america and million dead, whose vocalist frank turner went on to forge a successful solo career.
known fitness sportsmanship well inspire many rude team boys camaraderie other||the rude boys were well known for their sportsmanship, fitness and camaraderie, inspiring many other teams.
refer caribbean industry film cinema caribbean||the cinema of the caribbean refers to the film industry in the caribbean.
minority definition belong consider papal bishop infallibility inopportune time||he belonged to the minority of the bishops, who considered the definition of the papal infallibility as inopportune for the time being.
species cylindrepomus cerambycidae family bivitticollis beetle||cylindrepomus bivitticollis is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
1960 recently re - schaper release different originally slightly rule publish toy 2006 usa win games moves||it was originally published by schaper toys in 1960 and was recently re-released with slightly different rules by winning moves games usa in 2006.
yordan script philip ben front maddow then novel base name blacklist john uncredited mcpartland same||it was scripted by philip yordan, who fronted for a then uncredited and blacklisted ben maddow, and is based on the novel of the same name by john mcpartland.
boone jefferson create city railroad 1857 incorporate line company county||the line was created by the boone county and jefferson city railroad company, incorporated 1857.
county baron title trevethin kingdom blaengawney united peerage monmouth||baron trevethin, of blaengawney in the county of monmouth, is a title in the peerage of the united kingdom.
know portray eazy e biopic outta rapper 2015 straight well compton||he is best known for portraying rapper eazy-e in the 2015 biopic straight outta compton.
british silent film direct 1914 justice frank crime worcester taylor alec alma wilson stewart star rome||justice is a 1914 british silent crime film directed by frank wilson and starring alec worcester, alma taylor and stewart rome.
orange alternative canadian ryme form 1991 rock vancouver band||rymes with orange is a canadian alternative rock band which formed in 1991 in vancouver.
group represent association umbrella industry brussels bingo base||it is a brussels-based umbrella group for associations representing the bingo industry.
fit 7 seem period be king canon year turin recorded||he seems to fit into a 7-year period in the turin canon for which there is no recorded king.
specie when remanei only hybridize c. remanei male c. then caenorhabditis female sterile offspring mate brenneri apparently||this species can hybridize with caenorhabditis remanei, but only when c. remanei males mate with c. brenneri females, and then the offspring are apparently sterile.
astorino bear robert may 3 1967 politician serve american host county p. executive westchester county new york television||robert p. astorino (born may 3, 1967) is an american politician and television host who served as the county executive of westchester county of new york.
name aculeatus pendant species sea common chicoreus gastropod predatory marine murex family muricidae mollusk snail rock snail murex snail||chicoreus aculeatus, common name the pendant murex, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
locate karpal consist residential singh drive name suites maritime two piazza collectively skyscraper component development maritime retail serve mixed||located at karpal singh drive, it consists of two residential skyscrapers, collectively named the maritime suites, and the maritime piazza, which serves as the retail component of the mixed development.
ndebele think settler first speak know people apies suitability place river recognize put valley root nguni||nguni-speaking settlers, who became known as the ndebele, are thought to have been the first people to recognize the suitability of the apies river valley as a place to put down roots.
go know sinners exit hell dramatic argentine also american film sartre jean paul adaptation play danielewski tad direct exit 1962||no exit, also known as sinners go to hell, is a 1962 american-argentine dramatic film adaptation of jean-paul sartre's play no exit directed by tad danielewski.
three top suresh super score bat king number raina 57 unbeaten ball run 35||batting at number three, suresh raina top scored for the super kings with an unbeaten 57 runs off 35 balls.
tropical brackish water marine eel indian pacific dwell ocean include lanka papua guinea samoa india sri new know||it is a tropical, marine and brackish water-dwelling eel which is known from the indian and pacific ocean, including india, sri lanka, papua new guinea, and samoa.
2015/16 be crime nature african report 51,895 sexual police service south||during 2015/16, there were 51,895 crimes of a sexual nature reported to the south african police service.
federalists formally ticket new york federalist nominate senator king candidate emerge||the federalists did not formally nominate a ticket, but senator king of new york emerged as the de facto federalist candidate.
edit science merril first fiction judith 1968 publish sf12 anthology||sf12 is a science fiction anthology edited by judith merril first published in 1968.
five series self propel water watercraft build vipul class barge shipyard navy surat indian vipul carrier||vipul class of barges are a series of five self-propelled water carrier watercrafts being built by vipul shipyard, surat for the indian navy.
new race ancient have experiment genetic hainish engineering genetic trait include awake result while dream people only people sexuality world active month sex come once manifest androgynous know||some of the races have new genetic traits, a result of ancient hainish experiments in genetic engineering, including people who can dream while awake, and a world of androgynous people who only come into active sexuality once a month, not knowing which sex will manifest in them.
river colorado green flow tributary major||it flows into the green river, a major tributary of the colorado.
politician k. p. former indian jayalakshmi minister government kerala communities backward welfare state||p. k. jayalakshmi is an indian politician and the former minister for welfare of backward communities in the state government of kerala.
national antarctic 1903 scottish expedition chart bruce name william j. davidson ship mate speirs first expedition scotia||it was charted in 1903 by the scottish national antarctic expedition under william speirs bruce, who named it for j. davidson, first mate of the expedition ship scotia.
grass tenacissima halfah needle stipa esparto esparto grass grass northwestern grass iberian peninsula africa southern perennial part||stipa tenacissima (esparto, esparto grass, halfah grass or needles grass) is a perennial grass of northwestern africa and the southern part of the iberian peninsula.
girl young aradhya daughter life know tulsi revolve turn granddaughter devdasi series rival devdasis big||the series revolves around the life of a young girl aradhya, known as the daughter of tulsi a devdasi but turns out to be a granddaughter of the biggest rival of the devdasis.
television 2002 baskervilles arthur sir adaptation doyle hound name same novel conan||the hound of the baskervilles is a 2002 television adaptation of sir arthur conan doyle's novel of the same name.
feature crawford john donna reed drama derek broderick||the drama features broderick crawford, donna reed and john derek.
undercarriage unsatisfactory tandem prove stability serious flight wing delta problem so relate that be never enough taxi fly test accident||the tandem undercarriage proved to be unsatisfactory and there were serious flight stability problems related to the delta wing, enough so that it never flew after an accident during taxiing tests.
cell also regular smartphone bangladesh phone assemble||it also assembles smartphone and regular cell phones in bangladesh.
locality region queensland scenic australia rim town beechmont||beechmont is a town and locality in the scenic rim region, queensland, australia.
four chief guns oglala lakota||four guns was an oglala lakota chief.
goal state primary foundation historic that rv display product create enjoyment museum education public mh||the foundation states that their primary goals are to "to create a display of historic rv/mh products in a museum for the education and enjoyment of the public."
return 2014 leave united kingdom - blue skies founder japan research co||in 2014 he left japan, returning to the united kingdom as a co-founder of blue skies research.
receive character us coverage report international when election donald 2016 viral become victory trending video go trump youtube||the character received international coverage after the 2016 us election, when his report on donald trump's victory went viral, becoming a youtube trending video.
pass people female drag concern queen include woman crossdresser tran male||people who may be concerned with passing as female include male crossdressers, drag queens, and trans women.
little productions song produce major belgium||the song was produced in belgium from little major productions.
use ink dawn ball since press 15th print century||ink balls had been used since the dawn of the printing press in the 15th century.
two microdiplatys genus specie one only microdiplatys oculatus other||it is one of only two species in the genus microdiplatys, the other being microdiplatys oculatus.
cluster ngc musca 4463 open constellation||ngc 4463 is an open cluster in the constellation musca.
role such doji know acting metal voice fusion 32 beyblade first chioran andrew episode succeed later jackson dragon king caradoc jane iggy series barry animate arbuckle bullevardo||chioran is all known for his voice acting roles, such as doji in beyblade: metal fusion (the first 32 episodes, later succeeded by andrew jackson), king caradoc in jane and the dragon, and barry bullevardo in the animated series iggy arbuckle.
scharffi mimick eburneana specie ant jump spider||eburneana scharffi is a jumping spider species that mimicks ants.
unprotected easily disk boot spread crazy||crazy boot spreads through unprotected disks easily.
star angadi seema film main jayan 1980 role malayalam sukumaran||angadi is a 1980 malayalam film starring jayan, seema and sukumaran in main roles.
infectious diseases emerging laboratories bioscience facility boston neidl national locate university medical albany street boston boston neighborhood massachusetts end center south||the national emerging infectious diseases laboratories, or neidl, is a biosciences facility of boston university located near boston medical center on albany street in the south end neighborhood of boston, massachusetts.
sixth most recently proteobacteria describe class class zetaproteobacteria||the class zetaproteobacteria is the sixth and most recently described class of the proteobacteria.
room deltoidal wetland characteristic main describe threat three problem face basic||its three rooms describe the basic characteristics of deltoidal wetlands and the main problems and threats facing them.
illegal 103 finance code terrorism division criminal||under division 103 of the criminal code, it is illegal to finance terrorism.
list below source||the sources are listed below.
gao government legislative accountability branch agency office government provide evaluation auditing congress states service united investigative||the government accountability office (gao) is a legislative branch government agency that provides auditing, evaluation, and investigative services for the united states congress.
currently hc contract star kontinental hockey league khl red kunlun||he is currently under contract with hc kunlun red star of the kontinental hockey league (khl).
article formation united 47 nations direct charter call committee resolution committee make proposal organization body standard convene procedure||the committee's formation had been called for under article 47 of the united nations charter, and this resolution directed the committee to convene to make proposals for the body's organization and standard procedures.
kate headline child concert while martha feature also wainwright rufus anna sister jane jimmy emmylou fallon musician comedian norah mcgarrigle antony jones harris teddy thompson||the concert was headlined by kate's children martha and rufus wainwright, while also featuring her sisters jane and anna mcgarrigle, comedian jimmy fallon, and musicians emmylou harris, norah jones, antony and teddy thompson.
part land massive disposal end sell sutherland great duke war 1919||it was sold in 1919 as part of the massive land disposal by the duke of sutherland at the end of the great war.
lawyer know most term lawyer describe philadelphia exceptionally point law lawyer detailed competent minute||philadelphia lawyer is a term to describe a lawyer who knows the most detailed and minute points of law or is an exceptionally competent lawyer.
smith bremerton bear washington||smith was born in bremerton, washington.
prior usage weapon rocketry attest china modern europe rocket korea india||usage of rockets as weapons prior to modern rocketry is attested in china, korea, india, and europe.
close january nickelodeon 1999 store while store gradually year close 17th||the store closed on january 17th, 1999, while the nickelodeon stores gradually closed throughout the year.
attach moiety carbamate alkyl aryl ring||an alkyl-aryl moiety is attached to this carbamate ring.
surgery laryngeal highly world usa voice recognize contribution||his contributions to voice and laryngeal surgery are highly recognized in the usa and throughout the world.
screen australia film raw develop nerve short offer initiative screen produce film association development qpix queensland screen australia||the film was developed and produced under the screen australia raw nerve short film initiative offered by qpix in association with screen development australia and screen queensland.
los angeles chicago event june new chapter york us city pride form 1970||after june 1970's events in chicago, los angeles and new york, pride chapters formed in cities across the us.
organize rowing club vesta||it is organized by vesta rowing club.
family zangherella spider genus anapidae||zangherella is a genus of spiders in the anapidae family.
composer film jayachandran m. singer malayalam film musician score||m. jayachandran is a film score composer, singer, and musician in malayalam films.
ko chi first locate chak nation river ir manitoba 51 crane sipi||o-chi-chak-ko-sipi first nation is located on ir crane river 51 in manitoba.
joe group form vocal favale group singe lead 1958 tony b.1940 moments maltese runarounds call group tenor have||the group was formed in 1958 by joe favale (lead vocal, b.1940), who had been singing with a group called the moments, and tony maltese (tenor), who had another group, the runarounds.
malad utah territory transfer record record - elder box county re county utah old||some records for old malad county, utah territory may have been transferred to, or may have been re-recorded in box elder county, utah.
transform interaction research framework tsi paradigm interaction theoretical relate environment social virtual social||transformed social interaction (tsi) is a research paradigm and theoretical framework related to social interaction in virtual environments.
world championship 2014 hold with fiba games time woman asian send same two squad participate different incheon team tournament turkey||with the 2014 fiba world championship for women having been held at the same time as the asian games, teams who participated in both tournaments sent two different squads to both turkey and incheon.
be competitor major online several industry nerdify skooli player include other varsity chegg tutoring tutors||as for competitors, there are several other major players in the online tutoring industry, including nerdify, skooli, varsity tutors, and chegg.
date time grand mention back perhaps russian early ukraine duchy lithuania exist country even channel two come russians migration language later become russian adoption language communication ethnic ukrainians primarily language ukraine||these mentions date back to the times of grand duchy of lithuania or perhaps even earlier,the russian language in ukraine has primarily come to exist in that country through two channels: the migration of ethnic russians into what later became ukraine and through the adoption of the russian language as a language of communication by ukrainians.
two parallel inverse device anti electronic - connect polarity with reverse parallel parallel||in electronics, two anti-parallel or inverse-parallel devices are connected in parallel but with their polarities reversed.
substance headache vomiting nausea cause||the substance causes nausea, vomiting and headaches.
gorgonum form resemble name scientific last rarely mermaid gorgads island think shape time ancient||its last form of the scientific name is gorgonum which rarely resembles and shaped like mermaids or the islands thought to be the gorgads in ancient times.
louise bear tina 1970 1 march mbe stockport cullen manchester evergreen hockey greater england field stalwart||louise "tina" cullen mbe (born 1 march 1970 in stockport, greater manchester) is a field hockey evergreen stalwart from england.
use cannon late 18th century grasshopper nickname light battalion gun support infantry british||grasshopper was the nickname for a cannon used by the british in the late 18th century as a light battalion gun to support infantry.
weevil genus know curculionidae eisonyx beetle flower family||eisonyx is a genus of flower weevils in the family of beetles known as curculionidae.
kawahla descent banu migrate know hijaz tribe sudan assad||the kawahla are known to be the descents from banu assad tribe who migrated from the hijaz to sudan.
release shimabukuro hawaii create need music so hitchhike license u.s. release records||shimabukuro needed to license the music for release in hawaii, so he created hitchhike records for u.s. release.
c when poly terminus occur then ubiquitination ubiquitin seven lysine one previously residue add molecule ubiquitin methionine create first link chain||poly-ubiquitination occurs when the c-terminus of another ubiquitin, is then linked to one of the seven lysine residues or the first methionine on the previously added ubiquitin molecule, creating a chain.
lst-542 lst-929 uss lst(h)-929 class ship landing united tank navy states||uss lst-929/lst(h)-929 was an lst-542-class tank landing ship in the united states navy.
originally egg develop exhibition meat popular utility egg production breed today||a utility breed, originally developed for eggs and meat, it is popular for exhibition and egg production today.
woo actor british queen jonny drag comedian||jonny woo is a british comedian, actor and drag queen.
pioneer genre also ringbang||he also pioneered the genre ringbang.
director royal company become 1973 studio assistant where call shakespeare other theater place dramatic sylvia direct sylvia plath portrait poetry life production dramatization plath||in 1973 he became an assistant director at the royal shakespeare company where he directed in the studio theater called the other place a production of sylvia plath a dramatic portrait, his dramatization of sylvia plath's poetry and life.
power plasma arc use gas torch organic catalyze matter slag syngas ionize electric byproduct remain||a plasma torch powered by an electric arc, is used to ionize gas and catalyze organic matter into syngas with slag remaining as a byproduct.
2010 tamil nadu syro catholic malabar palghat separate diocese catholic diocese ramanathapuram syro malabar part||in 2010, the parts of tamil nadu under syro-malabar catholic diocese of palghat were separated to another syro-malabar catholic diocese of ramanathapuram.
cite ucla cargill international institute new virtual say model schniedewind long controversy that important resolve sea site scrolls simmer surround dead||the ucla international institute, cites cargill and schniedewind as saying that their new virtual model resolves long-simmering controversies surrounding the important dead sea scrolls site.
euroleague currently six only legend player give one head coach award||currently, the euroleague legend award has only been given to six players, and one head coach.
british pop group obi indie||obi were a british indie-pop group.
re map include venice exhibition - knoop time existence mora work exhibit collateral space palazzo edition 2016 venice architecture biennale||knoops work "venice re-mapped" was included in the exhibition "time space existence" at the palazzo mora, a collateral exhibit of the 2016 edition of the venice biennale of architecture..
license january 10 first 1949||it was first licensed on january 10, 1949.
sanskriti school model sr govt mewat saroli model 20 schools one haryana sec state india sanskrit||govt model sanskriti sr sec school saroli (mewat) is one of 20 model sanskrit schools in haryana state, india.
aana barah shah naseeruddin raaz star vijay mathur tannishtha chatterjee arjun||barah aana stars naseeruddin shah, tannishtha chatterjee, vijay raaz and arjun mathur.
town kaominina madagascar commune vohitsara malagasy||vohitsara is a town and commune (malagasy: kaominina) in madagascar.
sportscaster only television first high report school woman woman football arizona state referee||she was among the first women sportscasters on television, and is reported to be the only woman high school football referee in the state of arizona.
saldus latvian base saldus club jfk play latvian first league football||jfk saldus is a latvian football club, based in saldus, playing in the latvian first league.
village set family reuven send group meet pioneer money get that passage smyrna purchase ten so palestine||ten families set up the village and reuven sent money to get the group of pioneers he had met in smyrna so that they could purchase passage to palestine.
musician alia matt experimental anderson bit_meddler||bit_meddler is the alias of experimental musician matt anderson.
united states endemic dunes kelso||it is endemic to the kelso dunes in the united states.
bear gilks matthew footballer play 4 united scunthorpe june goalkeeper 1982 professional||matthew gilks (born 4 june 1982) is a professional footballer who plays for scunthorpe united as a goalkeeper.
cape create breton when three 1925 district richmond divide electoral county||it was created in 1925 when the counties of cape breton and richmond were divided into three electoral districts.
entrepreneur asma tunisian activist mansour 2011 woman - found tunisian entrepreneurship social center co||asma mansour is a tunisian entrepreneur and women's activist who in 2011 co-founded the tunisian center for social entrepreneurship.
theme later sufficiency self template subsequent serve release clarkson||its theme of self-sufficiency would later served as a template for clarkson's subsequent releases.
1985 sell amx company mouse memory computer advanced mouse british systems||amx mouse was a 1985 computer mouse sold by the british company advanced memory systems.
hindi dub aur title dharmatma sastry ek telugu||it was dubbed in hindi under the title ek aur dharmatma and in telugu as sastry.
tuscany lazio italy shoot||it was shot in lazio and tuscany, italy.
director plant call work manager manage veb betriebsdirektor werkdirektor german werkleiter||the managing director of a veb was called a plant or works manager (german: werkleiter, werkdirektor or betriebsdirektor).
person finest game hour video shooter first publish unlimited activision develop spark gamecube playstation xbox 2||finest hour is a first-person shooter video game developed by spark unlimited and published by activision for gamecube, playstation 2 and xbox.
membership voluntary||membership is voluntary.
1898 scottish stevenson robert play footballer professional full bear back||robert stevenson (born 1898) was a scottish professional footballer who played as a full-back.
human rights policy foreign serve unit 2002 ambassador affairs ministry head permanent finland 1996 representative europe finland 2007 croatia council 2007 university graduate 2010.nyroo turku ambassador 2002 master science 1981 political degree||she served as head of the human rights policy unit of the ministry for foreign affairs between 1996 and 2002, ambassador and permanent representative of finland to the council of europe 2002-2007 and finland's ambassador to croatia in 2007-2010.nyroos graduated from university of turku with a master's degree in political science in 1981.
bombay history ministry environment society india forests partnership natural biological center national nature organize conservation foundation sciences||it is organized by bombay natural history society and ministry of environment and forests (india) in partnership with the national center for biological sciences and nature conservation foundation.
2018 network super channel super short language canadian premium cable satellite english entertainment channel category channel entertainment inc. allarco own 2008 programming super include channel television first television motion picture series theatrically other documentary program niche television release primarily||super channel entertainment network (as of 2018; or super channel for short) is a canadian english language category a premium cable and satellite television channel that is owned by allarco entertainment 2008 inc. super channel's programming primarily includes theatrically released, first to television motion pictures and television series, along with documentaries and other niche programs.
video entertainment xpec taiwanese base taipei game publisher developer||xpec entertainment is a taiwanese video game developer and publisher based in taipei.
many high lack school have disqualify diploma standardized able while indicate test if other justify claim aid pass secure||many were disqualified due to the lack of having a high school diploma while others were not able to pass standardized tests which should indicate if their claim to secure aid is justified.
word spelling welsh gelau spelling spear dialectal||the spelling is a dialectal spelling of the welsh word gelau (spear).
species small land vitrea air breathe contracta mollusk snail family terrestrial gastropod pulmonate pristilomatidae||vitrea contracta is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family pristilomatidae.
underground south wimbledon london west south london station||south wimbledon is a london underground station in south-west london.
march rugby coach appoint football 20 team union 2016 head||in march 2016 he was appointed head coach of the rugby football union's under 20s team.
lake locate antrim londonderry county county border||the lake is located on the border between county londonderry and county antrim.
kneel player endzone lusk first nfl 9 touchdown 1977 pray october||lusk was the first nfl player to kneel in the endzone after a touchdown and pray on october 9, 1977.
title translate create ghostfist refer band booze||the title translates to "ghostfist" and refers to a booze the band created.
club begin aberdeen base cox career scotland later switch club base club cricket edinburgh grange aberdeenshire||cox began his club career in scotland with the aberdeen-based aberdeenshire cricket club, but later switched to the grange club (based in edinburgh).
38 record million megadeth earn worldwide certification five fifteen sell platinum united states receive album grammy nomination twelve studio||megadeth has sold over 38 million records worldwide, earned platinum certification in the united states for five of its fifteen studio albums, and received twelve grammy nominations.
second season casting begin air 2013 2014 summer fall||casting began in fall 2013 and the second season aired in summer 2014.
event year world follow 1924 football association||the following are the association football events of the year 1924 throughout the world.
list howard make rookie appearance promote two midway adelaide football afl fremantle season subiaco 1999 essendon park||after being promoted from the rookie list, howard made two appearances for adelaide midway through the 1999 afl season, against essendon at football park and fremantle at subiaco.
originate muga torre spain wine rioja||torre muga is a wine originating in rioja, spain.
antbird white myrmoderus species bird bibbe family thamnophilidae loricatus passerine||the white-bibbed antbird (myrmoderus loricatus) is a species of passerine bird in the family thamnophilidae.
original have criminal courts trial jurisdiction jury hold courts civil case||the courts have original jurisdiction over all civil and criminal cases, and jury trials are held in the courts.
story young dinosaur bedtime tell dinosaur challenge series take go bed||dinosaur vs. bedtime tells the story of a young dinosaur taking on a series of challenges before going to bed.
win coverage multiple award||he won multiple awards for that coverage.
tour promote continental take europe place airlines||promoted by continental airlines, the tour took place in europe.
1 character barbie choose 4 kira different christie teresa||you can choose 1 from 4 different characters to be: barbie, teresa, christie and kira.
foreign worker compose % island 21||they compose 21% of the island's foreign workers.
oomycete cause causally phytophthora collar call rot collar fruit rot common disease as nut tree flower crop other well phytophthora||collar rot that is caused by the oomycete phytophthora is causally called phytophthora collar rot, and is a common disease of fruit and nut trees, as well as other flowers and crops.
car driving design performance however automobile subject sport exact definition debate||a sports car is an automobile designed for performance driving; however the exact definition is subject to debate.
president digital nauiokas financial anthemis advisory group firm founder archer service medium founder chair investment production finance gray barclays 2008 investment stockbrokers company ceo||nauiokas is the founder and president of anthemis group, the digital financial services investment and advisory firm, and the founder and chair of archer gray, the media production, finance, and investment company, until 2008, she was the ceo of barclays stockbrokers.
discography michael group schenker comprehensive following||the following is a comprehensive discography of michael schenker group.
rebuild 1675 koguryo build first period||first built during the koguryo period, it was rebuilt in 1675.
kapoor star shahid padukone singh deepika lead role ranveer film||the film stars shahid kapoor, deepika padukone and ranveer singh in lead roles.
section 68 66 ruffhead 63 edition 61 section||sections 66 to 68 are sections 61 to 63 in ruffhead's edition.
county gentry mcfall city united states missouri||mcfall is a city in gentry county, missouri, united states.
have province 20 22 one level division bougainville province national country autonomous region district capital||the country has 22 province-level divisions: 20 provinces, one autonomous region (bougainville) and the national capital district.
transmitter rotherham mainly cover although boston castle such neighboring hear sheffield city borough||it mainly covers the rotherham borough from its transmitter at boston castle, although it can be heard in neighboring cities such as sheffield.
baseball team league new minor york a albany colonie||the albany a's were a minor league baseball team in colonie, new york.
effect autumn tennessee studio album 10 band rock third year||the autumn effect is the third studio album by the tennessee rock band 10 years.
point hills large collection hill hadley high other moraine run southwesterly geologically relate lapeer northern actually county attribute extension direction south stretch ohio indiana far northern as||the highest points the hadley hills are an extension of a larger collection of hills which are attributed to other geologically related moraines, that run in a southwesterly direction from northern lapeer county and actually stretch as far south as northern indiana, and ohio.
although make before horse movie cut scene right accident fatal pass occur where gate||the scene made it into the movie, although it is cut right before the horse passes through the gate where the fatal accident occurred.
thiru muruga kirubanandha variyar teacher shaivite spiritual india||thiru muruga kirubanandha variyar was a shaivite spiritual teacher from india.
snyder montana know house also howard transitional kalispell welty house house colonial revival build style c.1900 house||the snyder house in kalispell, montana, also known as howard house and as welty house, is a "transitional colonial revival" style house built in c.1900.
endemic peninsular liana belong clematis ranunculaceae india family hedysarifolia buttercup||clematis hedysarifolia is a liana, endemic to peninsular india, belonging to the buttercup family (ranunculaceae).
play stringed lute father 21 instrument when five year teach kora old like||his father taught him to play the kora, a 21-stringed, lute-like instrument, when he was five years old.
continue break august filming final season give order four episode start epitome film episode opportunity new first season series film||filming continued into august, with a break before filming the final four episodes of the season in order to give epitome the opportunity to start filming episodes for the first season of their new series.
authority date ascribe directly draw be be term room term evidence english habit that derive play work while while guest short entertain home room put drawing||while there is no date or authority directly ascribed to the term drawing room play, there is evidence that the term was derived from the english habit of putting on these short works for guests while entertaining in the drawing room of the home.
update program record use intrinsic image access api hp access use record name||programs can access and update records using image intrinsics which was hp's name for the api used to access records.
department orne mont north western ormel france commune||mont-ormel is a commune in the orne department in north-western france.
hewitt university commonly beinecke plaza quadrangle center yale university haven new campus connecticut plaza know||hewitt university quadrangle, commonly known as beinecke plaza, is a plaza at the center of the yale university campus in new haven, connecticut.
maintenance support staff include navigator personnel bombardier aircraft fly instructor keep pilot||it includes pilots, navigators, bombardiers, maintenance and support staff, instructors, and personnel who kept aircraft flying.
respond tension wall proportional change fill receptor state circulation low side 60mmhg pressure||these receptors respond to changes in the wall tension, which is proportional to the filling state of the low pressure side of circulation (below 60mmhg).
win 21 championship defeat london dublin margin antrim already point defeat point home final ten margin final||the championship was won by dublin who defeated london by a 21-point margin in the final, having already defeated antrim by a ten-point margin in the home final.
tv home available show fm make video radio thereafter||the show will thereafter be made available on the tv, home video and fm radio.
bag baggage 2001 one first start blog relate law blog||her blog, bag and baggage, started in 2001, was one of the first law-related blogs.
professor melbourne apply mathematical society mathematic university president australian||she is a professor of applied mathematics at the university of melbourne, and the president of the australian mathematical society.
4 inaugural jarama world car hour second championship touring round||jarama 4 hours was the second round of the inaugural world touring car championship.
traditional rural representation augustan contrast village poetry life poem idyll reality||the poem contrasts the traditional representation of the rural idyll in augustan poetry with the realities of village life.
cereali protect specie united gramini kingdom chrysolina c.||the species chrysolina cerealis and c. graminis are protected in the united kingdom.
fact fact legal alone operative say necessary conclusion entail sufficient conclusion||an operative fact is a necessary fact to a legal conclusion, which may or may not alone be sufficient to entail said conclusion.
bhagalpur number train junction train 13401 danapur 13402 direction number reverse serve bihar operate state||it operates as train number 13401 from bhagalpur junction to danapur and as train number 13402 in the reverse direction serving the states of bihar.
law fairness work commit rule dignity labor ethic meaning true worker right||he committed to rule of law, true meaning of fairness, work ethics, dignity of labor and rights of workers.
make then gather use license alten8 form||he then formed alten8 to make use of the gathered licenses.
pass battle where pass flatbush pass cut road flatbush||flatbush pass (battle pass), where the flatbush road cut through the pass.
program 2009 cancel june||the programs were canceled in june 2009.
2014 boletus know||until 2014, it was known as boletus inedulis.
warriors appear new series primarily character||the character has appeared primarily in the new warriors series.
designer diminutive professional offensive consider technician many techie||many professional designers and technicians consider the diminutive "techie" to be offensive.
snail marine species sea gastropod brookula mollusk stibarochila seguenzioidea unassigne superfamily||brookula stibarochila is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily seguenzioidea.
strategy rise game electronic upcoming power mobile publish arts||rise to power is an upcoming mobile strategy game published by electronic arts.
hogan governor position 2015 larry appoint||he was appointed to the position by governor larry hogan in 2015.
gait terrestrial locomotion accomplish mean surface running level||terrestrial locomotion by means of a running gait can be accomplished on level surfaces.
xhosa different share musical concept similar chiefdom||different xhosa chiefdoms share similar musical concepts.
class institute culinary larry work forgione america first place graduate waters american panisse chez alice||she graduated first in class from the culinary institute of america and worked with larry forgione at an american place and alice waters at chez panisse.
threaten construction dam possible population large future||the possible future construction of a dam threatens a large population.
persian witness palestine invasion massacre forty four companion bedouins 614||he witnessed the persian invasion of palestine in 614, and the massacre of forty-four of his companions by the bedouins.
game have card physics more allow base gameplay use||this allows the games that use the card to have a more physics-based gameplay.
prehn kelly editor model fashion business woman influencer british england ambassador||kelly england prehn is a british model, editor, influencer, fashion ambassador, and business woman.
albucilla secundus notorious married||secundus was married to the notorious albucilla.
largely scientific research glemanserin supersede volinanserin generalized clinically investigate though treatment anxiety disorder||though it was largely superseded in scientific research by volinanserin, glemanserin was investigated clinically for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder.
census accord have population 2001 391 parish||according to the 2001 census the parish had a population of 391.
mr. present rajneesh sharma principal school||at present, the school's principal is mr. rajneesh sharma.
immediately club january 2011 join barnet leave||he left the club in january 2011, and immediately joined barnet.
peninsula north korea korean butterfly list korea south consist||this is a list of butterflies of the korean peninsula, consisting of north korea and south korea.
have argument constructor allow serializable zero access method getter setter use property||they are serializable, have a zero-argument constructor, and allow access to properties using getter and setter methods.
high class 6a school||it is a class 6a high school.
spanish folk english fighters 2007 crystal band electronic england london spain navarre form||crystal fighters are an english-spanish electronic/folk band, formed in 2007, in london, england and in navarre, spain.
april bear 7 former james canadian craig professional 1977 hockey macdonald ice play part hockey league eight nhl national season player||james craig macdonald (born april 7, 1977) is a former canadian professional ice hockey player who played parts of eight seasons in the national hockey league (nhl).
hit song several month big even hit . where no 1 three 1983 uk early week august||the song had been an even bigger hit in the uk several months earlier, where it had hit no. 1 for three weeks in august 1983.
precott pitman 21 joseph august bear american weightlifter 1948 compete 1924 summer joe former olympics||joseph precott "joe" pitman (born august 21, 1924) is an american former weightlifter who competed in the 1948 summer olympics.
diana diane groupmate ross mary then florence sign wilson know founder motown ballard gordy contract january 15 recording 1961 choose name supremes only berry group as studio list time member motown bradford songwriter provide janie ballard stable part become performer motown||she and her groupmates, diana ross (then known as diane), mary wilson and florence ballard, signed a recording contract with motown founder berry gordy on january 15, 1961 as the supremes, a name that ballard had chosen (as she was the only group member in the studio at the time) from a list provided by motown songwriter, janie bradford, and became part of the motown stable of performers.
disk minute long exceed almost compact length disk second make 80||the second disk is over 80 minutes long making it exceed the length of almost all compact disks.
taranto 1323 march consort queen oshin die armenia marriage armenia king joan||joan of taranto (died march 1323) was a queen consort of armenia by marriage to oshin, king of armenia.
april technical chef advisor dover name d'equipe 2013 team dressage national us||in april 2013, dover was named technical advisor/chef d'equipe for the us national dressage team.
slave father white mother have||his mother was a slave and he had a white father.
innings duck montserrat montserrat lose dismiss 74 ian run byron||in montserrat's innings, was dismissed for a duck by ian byron, with montserrat losing by 74 runs.
ray haller round stingray round halleri round ray find coastal urobatis species water pacific urotrygonidae ocean family eastern||the round stingray or haller's round ray (urobatis halleri) is a species of round ray, family urotrygonidae, found in the coastal waters of the eastern pacific ocean.
locate corporate headquarters wisconsin olney illinois branch former company roadmaster office madison home||the company headquarters is located in madison, wisconsin, with a corporate branch office in olney, illinois (former home of roadmaster).
know appearance describe controversial terrible politic public croatian statement enfant||he is known for his controversial public appearances and statements, and has been described as enfant terrible of croatian politics.
national sin magazine fathers previously article win life toronto blood disturbs expand award 2002||he had previously won a national magazine award for "sins of the fathers", a 2002 article in toronto life which was expanded into what disturbs our blood.
24 angela bear september littlewood mary retire 1949 english nottingham shot putter nottinghamshire||angela mary littlewood (born 24 september 1949 in nottingham, nottinghamshire) is a retired english shot putter.
mam memory seagate lto example hp ibm sony ait cartridge mic||some examples of mam's are cartridge memory (hp/seagate/ibm lto) and mic (sony ait).
own reservoir manage now water thames||the reservoir is now owned and managed by thames water.
moth noctuidae genus family dimorphicosmia||dimorphicosmia is a genus of moths of the noctuidae family.
associate bussey carolina south supreme justice patrick court thomas||thomas patrick bussey was an associate justice of the south carolina supreme court.
madampis landlord independence era serve jenmis pre -||madampis served as jenmis or landlords during the pre-independence era.
john 1948 raimondi well american sculptor may creator public know bear monumental work state sculpture thirty european country several more||john raimondi (born may, 1948) is an american sculptor best known as a creator of monumental public sculpture, with works in more than thirty states and several european countries.
connecticut most state program national southern title 6 successful||the most successful program has been southern connecticut state, with 6 national titles.
louis 1975 cardinals st. nfl 2nd round draft overall play nfl come canada never 46th||drafted by the nfl's st. louis cardinals in 1975, in the 2nd round, 46th overall, he never played in the nfl and came to canada.
win best clubman blues award 1996||in 1996 he won the best clubman award for the blues.
8,898 population 4,004 2010 housing contain unit census||as of the 2010 census, its population was 8,898 and it contained 4,004 housing units.
shehan pradeep mathew book karunatilaka legend||the legend of pradeep mathew is a book by shehan karunatilaka.
manual consider ambient indietronica pop style music dream||manual's music is considered to be in the styles of ambient dream pop and indietronica.
robin bear pacek march swedish 17 1991 judoka||robin pacek (born march 17, 1991) is a swedish judoka.
use character masters player dungeon enemy||they can be used by dungeon masters as enemies of the player characters.
type commercial arterial group street other thoroughfare corridor||they are grouped by type: arterial thoroughfares, commercial corridors, and other streets.
5.4 hectare 13 acre sproxton quarry geological scientific north special site east sproxton interest leicestershire||sproxton quarry is a 5.4 hectares (13 acres) geological site of special scientific interest north-east of sproxton in leicestershire.
fur often term describe use coat dog when interchangeably hair general coat however e.g. newfoundland refer mountain coat while fur coat most dog poodle refer hair coat double single||the terms fur and hair are often used interchangeably when describing a dog's coat, however in general, a double coat, e.g., like that of the newfoundland and most mountain dogs, is referred to as a fur coat, while a single coat, like that of the poodle, is referred to as a hair coat.
associate professor full 1954 1957 become professor||he became an associate professor in 1954 and a full professor in 1957.
hero film angola film cinema dramatic world prize win sundance film time jury grand festival 2005||during this time the film the hero was filmed in angola and won the world dramatic cinema jury grand prize at the 2005 sundance film festival.
notice debut studio experimental noise release content album ralph rhythm ensemble records 1984||contents under notice is the debut studio album of experimental ensemble rhythm & noise, released in 1984 by ralph records.
example british consider sink dare realism upon as kitchen obliquely homosexuality touch 1964 however||an example of british kitchen sink realism, it was considered daring in 1964 as it touched upon homosexuality, however obliquely.
about year place 20 pan take malcolm tai adventure chronicle culum struan tess struan event japan son||taking place about 20 years after the events of tai-pan, it chronicles the adventures of malcolm struan, the son of culum and tess struan, in japan.
luton town only begin league mccann appearance coventry 6 join career make league city 22 appearance||mccann began his career with luton town but made only 6 league appearances before joining coventry city (22 league appearances).
public office attorney babbitt become 2001 leave latham watkins||after leaving public office in 2001, babbitt became an attorney with latham & watkins.
guitarist album produce found member browne john||the album was produced by founding member and guitarist john browne.
sell january division after qualcomm rename product 2009 anagram imageon adreno radeon amd||after amd sold the division in january 2009, qualcomm renamed the imageon products to adreno, an anagram of radeon.
late american album studio band century metalcore august media third 6 release 2013 iwrestledabearonce||late for nothing is the third studio album by the american metalcore band iwrestledabearonce, released through century media on august 6, 2013.
video plasma steve pong create taylor game indie||plasma pong is an indie video game created by steve taylor.
boghosian new bear varujan yegan artist connecticut know sculpture well assemblage american 1926 britain||varujan yegan boghosian (born 1926 new britain, connecticut) is an american artist, best known for his sculptures and assemblages.
ravitch july diane 1938 silvers bear 1 historian educational policy professor new analyst york education research university culture development school steinhardt human education||diane silvers ravitch (born july 1, 1938) is a historian of education, an educational policy analyst, and a research professor at new york university's steinhardt school of culture, education, and human development.
meekma judge june case adjourn violet when queen hear bench court case 19||the case was adjourned by judge violet meekma until june 19, when the case will be heard in the court of queen's bench.
indianapolis moorehead colts ex moorehead receiver aaron father nba basketball player former - daugherty cousin brad||moorehead is the father of ex-indianapolis colts receiver aaron moorehead, and the cousin of former nba basketball player brad daugherty.
genus swimming sea know sea commonly predatory limacinidae butterfly limacina snail family||limacina is a genus of swimming predatory sea snails commonly known as sea butterflies in the family limacinidae.
vatupalli talented get anil movie hard director struggle next||talented director anil vatupalli was struggling hard to get his next movie.
specialize primarily continue age other new material include psychic power fortune tarot telling reading numerology fringe handwriting analysis||it continued to specialize primarily in new age and other fringe materials, including psychic powers, fortune-telling, tarot reading, numerology, and handwriting analysis.
collingwood bombers make traditional day anzac debut blockbuster||he made his debut with collingwood on anzac day against the bombers in the traditional blockbuster.
baloubet bear 1989 win many rouet international competition du jumping show cup world title great several olympic brazilian team two include medal||born in 1989, baloubet du rouet won many of the greatest international show jumping competitions, including several world cup titles and two olympic medals with the brazilian team.
well divorce know expertise child custody alienation parental||he is best known for his expertise on divorce, child custody, and parental alienation.
assume wrongly alias slicker often similar pioneers styling simply vocal||the slickers have often been wrongly assumed to simply be an alias for the pioneers due to their similar vocal stylings.
online support organization webcare social customer medium||webcare is the online customer support of any organization through social media.
evelyn 1907 sibley 13 june lampman april american young writer fiction 18 adult 1980 child||evelyn sibley lampman (april 18, 1907 - june 13, 1980) was an american writer of children's and young adult fiction.
45 2015 complete construction building begin 2010 story||the 45 story building was completed in 2015, construction having begun in 2010.
gembloux abbey benedictine gembloux province namur abbey town belgium||gembloux abbey was a benedictine abbey near the town of gembloux in the province of namur, belgium.
riyadhi wyfak m'sila m'sila algerian national know amateur wr base m'sila commonly club championnat football||wyfak riyadhi m'sila commonly known as wr m'sila is an algerian championnat national amateur football club based in m'sila.
menzies nicholas bear 1930 17 august rower british clack barry||nicholas barry menzies clack (born 17 august 1930) is a british rower.
politically style theme base influence combine death charge philosophically possessed death angel metal musical span morbid grindcore death thrash napalm reich slayer kreator sacred atheist carcass||their style is based in politically and philosophically charged themes combined with musical influences that span death metal (death, possessed, morbid angel, atheist), grindcore (napalm death, carcass), and thrash (slayer, sacred reich, kreator).
no october take states 2006 customer united company internet gambling enforcement act 2006 long passing unlawful||as of october 2006 the company no longer took united states customers due to passing of the unlawful internet gambling enforcement act of 2006.
time also canadian all cupido - player two cis mcmaster university marauders football||cupido was also a two time all-canadian football player with the mcmaster university marauders in the cis.
family own 2000 bergisuchidae give genus||in 2000, the genus was given its own family, bergisuchidae.
dominant malian one two football club host eastern ground sport training as well bamako club basketball other include successful||one of the two dominant clubs of malian football, their eastern bamako training grounds host other sports as well, including a successful basketball club.
solo album life michigan two record rain intoxifornication early||earlier in life he recorded two solo albums, michigan rain and intoxifornication.
defense state prior as government federal well inform plan committee declaration||during a state of defense, as well as prior to its declaration, the federal government must inform the committee about its plans.
one region woredas ethiopia odo shakiso oromia||odo shakiso is one of the woredas in the oromia region of ethiopia.
oxford smellie medicine university college then university hospital study||smellie studied medicine at the university of oxford and then at university college hospital.
direct film since 1976 ten||he has directed ten films since 1976.
1920s straight use such delicate material become silk make tie tie clip fashionable replace use prominence more tie pin more gain traditional||during the 1920s the use of straight ties made of delicate materials such as silk became more fashionable and the use of tie clips gained prominence, replacing the more traditional tie pin.
album part mid issue - colgems price rca call lp series 2 series despite||despite being issued by colgems, the album was part of a mid-priced rca 2-lp series called the "this is..." series.
bear gaston 17 salasiwa dutch professional 1988 footballer currently moluccan notodden indonesian fk play august||gaston salasiwa (born 17 august 1988) is a dutch professional footballer of indonesian-moluccan who currently plays for notodden fk.
tram stop transit network net express nottingham nottingham city clifton rivergreen suburb||rivergreen is a tram stop on the nottingham express transit (net) network in the city of nottingham suburb of clifton.
mason person construct masonry call bricklayer||a person who constructs masonry is called a mason or bricklayer.
nearly album track five volume first collect wwe disk cd five series music||it is a five "disk" album, collecting nearly all of the tracks from the first five volumes of the wwe the music cd series.
european convention convention applications require relate 1953 formalities council patent work result europe experts patent matter 1950 early committee||the convention, along with the european convention relating to the formalities required for patent applications of 1953, resulted from the work of the council of europe's committee of experts in patent matters in the early 1950s.
bachman chisolm buy william alteration make 1894 several house taste 1890s bring||in 1894, william bachman chisolm bought the house and made several alterations to it, bringing it up to the taste of the 1890s.
star vijay 11 march air 2015 2013 friday june ist 5 season 562 episode two monday 10:00pm||it aired on star vijay from 11 march 2013 to 5 june 2015 on monday through friday at 10:00pm (ist) for two seasons and 562 episodes.
emersaria geometridae moth chiasmia family||chiasmia emersaria is a moth of the family geometridae.
real monitoring user device collect typically web passive monitoring effect rum have traffic operation site||real user monitoring is typically "passive monitoring", i.e., the rum device collects web traffic without having any effect on the operation of the site.
several white award memoir faces receive moon receive award american other 1997 book||among several other awards that she has received, her memoir, among the white moon faces, received the 1997 american book award.
also one peak hot number rap chart track single us||the single also peaked at number one on the us hot rap tracks chart.
hrh patron royal princess association royal||the royal patron of the association is hrh the princess royal.
large 4.8 one frame land spread space dome india open||spread around 4.8 of land, it is one of the largest open-frame space domes in india.
german imperial navy commission november sm 1916 uc-66 14||she was commissioned into the german imperial navy on 14 november 1916 as sm uc-66.
arabia saudi drain hijaz mountains wadi endemic inland red sea||it is endemic to saudi arabia in wadis in the hijaz mountains which either drain into the red sea or inland.
area go roundhouse now health plan insurance now contain office ontario||the roundhouse is now gone; the area now contains ontario health insurance plan offices.
meat buffalo meat water bovid raise milk buffalo large meat india nepal many country pakistan italy include bulgaria slovakia egypt czech republic bangladesh russia||buffalo meat is the meat of the water buffalo, a large bovid, raised for its milk and meat in many countries including india, nepal, pakistan, bangladesh, bulgaria, italy, russia, czech republic, slovakia and egypt.
shipbuilder sunfish leslie one build destroyer tyneside build three hawthorns year hawthorn||built by the tyneside shipbuilder hawthorn leslie, sunfish was one of three destroyers built by hawthorns that year.
world famous claim site have geological two fame||this world famous geological site has two claims to fame.
cknr broadcast adult fm format contemporary canadian station 94.1 radio lake elliot ontario mhz||cknr-fm is a canadian radio station, which broadcasts an adult contemporary format at 94.1 mhz in elliot lake, ontario.
empire hail syria play icon syrian important palmyrene nationalism role||the palmyrene empire is hailed in syria and plays an important role as an icon in syrian nationalism.
font open software source sil gentium free open ofl font release permit redistribution license modification||gentium fonts are free and open source software, and are released under the sil open font license (ofl), which permits modification and redistribution.
do also movie khuli bollywood khidki title||he has also done a bollywood movie titled khuli khidki.
very have often level high accommodate home ducting hvac home ceiling low||these homes often have very high ceilings on the lower level to accommodate the home's hvac ducting.
methodist 19th century church effort mission northwest pacific episcopal conversion methodist||the methodist mission was the methodist episcopal church's 19th-century conversion efforts in the pacific northwest.
play state morehead college university shirk football||shirk played college football at morehead state university.
serialize jewish forward originally page daily publish book form 1999||it was originally serialized in the pages of the jewish daily forward before being published in book form in 1999.
illinois appoint turn executive director member responsible appoint governor day agency management day sbe||the members of the sbe, who are appointed by the governor of illinois, in turn appoint an executive director who is responsible for the day-to-day management of the agency.
write lyric love courtney dejected narrate song frontwoman abandon teenaged mother prostitute||the song's lyrics, written by frontwoman courtney love, narrate a dejected teenaged prostitute who has been abandoned by her mother.
provide election austria article election result information||this article provides information on elections and election results in austria.
volvo grand part tennis prix tournament 1981 circuit||the tournament was part of the 1981 volvo grand prix tennis circuit.
2001 found sam atieh college technology american||it was founded in 2001 by sam atieh as the american college of technology.
young netherlands university house student about 400||it is the youngest university in the netherlands and houses about 400 students.
ethiopian win contest first jew bear||she is the first ethiopian-born jew to win the contest.
1984 player 1985 year goheen well all as state purchase first 1985 team||goheen was the 1984 and 1985 purchase player of the year, as well as first-team all-state in 1985.
most occur property often foreign lease instruction local institution sometimes own additional partner mirror facility western university also include service||instruction most often occurs in properties owned or leased by the foreign institution, sometimes with a local partner, and may also include additional services and facilities to mirror western universities.
because 1918 target sign armistice erzberger||erzberger was targeted because he had signed the 1918 armistice.
style bhatiali bengal southern add distinct unearth attention further bhatiali bhatiali expand require mainstream horizon||he has unearthed a distinct style of bhatiali from southern bengal and added them with the mainstream bhatiali which requires further attention to expand the horizon of bhatiali.
return january 2018 series season 18th||in january 2018, the series returned for its 18th season.
rule 5 1976 twins minnesota two pitch draft season system release take||he was taken in the 1976 rule 5 draft by the minnesota twins, and pitched two seasons in their system before being released.
disk final 1980s previously unreleased june disk five dvd carnegie performance two hall 25 1980||the final two disks are from the 1980s, with disk five a previously unreleased dvd of a june 25, 1980 performance at the carnegie hall.
single include got three album love let vacation peak us pop reach soul chart r&b chart 1980 go late 1979||the album includes three singles: "got to love somebody", "reach your peak", and "let's go on vacation", which all charted on the us pop and r&b/soul charts from late 1979 until 1980.
write amanda pen feral name daniel also marks||he has also written under the pen names of amanda feral and daniel marks.
2012 arca 2015 series xfinity cousin racing champion camping nascar series nascar world 2012 truck buescher series champion james||he is the 2012 arca racing series and 2015 nascar xfinity series champion and the cousin of 2012 nascar camping world truck series champion james buescher.
east dunalley form bay blackman beck west bay bay east||east bay beck is formed by dunalley bay on the west and blackman bay on the east.
technique type common particle also use viral result infection produce remove||it is also common to use these types of techniques to remove particles produced as a result of viral infection.
allow continue selection extended time period host pressure long immune response strong epidemic pressure increase selection novel antigen development||a longer epidemic allows for selection pressure to continue over an extended period of time and stronger host immune responses increase selection pressure for development of novel antigens.
union soviet soviet serve 1945 t-337 transfer navy||in 1945, she was transferred to the soviet union and after that served in the soviet navy as t-337.
order 7 secretaries 1938 make april joint one||he was made one of the joint secretaries of the order on 7 april 1938.
ministries cru change evangelical interdenominational canadian ministry christian power found america united organization states 1951||power to change ministries is the canadian ministry of cru, an interdenominational evangelical christian organization that was founded in 1951 in the united states of america.
tripolitania northern italian half western include city tripoli main libya||italian tripolitania included the western northern half of libya, with tripoli as its main city.
arriva driver london bus work prior base palmers garage north bus green||prior to this he worked as a bus driver for arriva london north based at palmers green bus garage.
studio locate headquarters corporate ababa have addis fana broadcasting ethiopia||it has its studios located at the headquarters of fana broadcasting corporate in addis ababa, ethiopia.
constitution forward republic new limit remove assembly president term put seat number increase 60 detail 40 citizenship flag national assembly set mandatory anthem change national provide constitution referendum||the new constitution put forward by the assembly of the republic removed the term limits on the president, increased the number of seats in the assembly from 40 to 60, set details on citizenship, the national flag and the national anthem, and provided for mandatory referendums on changes to the constitution.
create take place community vashon art island festival wa performance august||islewilde is a community-created art and performance festival that takes place each august on vashon island, wa.
player control one start power 1942 group oppose world five ww2 us ussr axis allies japan take uk faction germany||players take control of one of five world powers at the start of 1942 in ww2, grouped into the opposing factions of the allies (us, uk, and ussr) and the axis (germany and japan).
variable bacteria gram species cellulolyticus acidothermus||acidothermus cellulolyticus is a species of gram-variable bacteria.
hapoel champion aviv defend tel||the defending champions were hapoel tel aviv.
bocage charente department aquitaine region southwestern nouvelle allas commune maritime france||allas-bocage is a commune in the charente-maritime department in the nouvelle-aquitaine region of southwestern france.
6th district republican represent||she is a republican who represented the 6th district.
ahmed four 1973 alireza son locally found head house spelling alireza renowned family xenel alireza grow establish late variation zainal venture patriarch multiple company joint own process energy expertise development build infrastructure healthcare construction technology international logistic real industrial global estate service investing information||founded in 1973 by the four sons of ahmed alireza who headed the locally renowned house of alireza, xenel - a spelling variation for family patriarch, the late zainal alireza - grew by establishing multiple joint ventures with international companies and in the process building its own expertise in energy, construction, infrastructure development, healthcare, industrial services, information technologies, logistics, real estate and global investing.
play diane jason mother film connery real son mother son life cilento||jason connery and diane cilento, who play mother and son in the film, are real-life mother and son.
candidate although united party run 1999 election none various elect general banner||although various candidates ran under the united party banner in the 1999 general election, none were elected.
international award include win first several 1984 young cbc composers competition national prize||he has won several international and national awards, including first prize in the 1984 cbc competition for young composers.
name cascade spring fall township take same spring name border||falling spring township took its name from a cascading spring of the same name within its borders.
network nemo silicon valley systems california base developer memory area||nemo systems was a developer of "network memory" based in the silicon valley area in california.
woman uzbekistan under-16 basketball team under-17 national basketball basketball administer national team federation uzbekistan uzbekistan||the uzbekistan women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team is a national basketball team of uzbekistan, administered by the basketball federation of uzbekistan.
work that sequel begin harris finish one feel be story chapter story continue that||harris began working on the sequel due to feeling "that it wasn't finished as a story, that there was one chapter in the story that might continue".
originally debut april concert 9 2009 chevelle atlanta track||chevelle originally debuted this track on april 9, 2009 at a concert in atlanta.
make oscar uk 1995 all headline go while when world fringe missing scotland appear edinburgh||in 1995, oscar made headlines in the uk and all over the world, when he went missing while appearing at the edinburgh fringe in scotland.
eight complete cease only production before||only eight were completed before production ceased.
eugene there sing 1881 lensky onegin role 1884 mazeppa role andrei||there he sang the role of lensky in eugene onegin in 1881 and the role of andrei in mazeppa in 1884.
11 lwandiswa zuma south bear july first class 1996 cricketer african||lwandiswa zuma (born 11 july 1996) is a south african first-class cricketer.
four massachusetts vote state one scott only||massachusetts was one of the only four states to vote for scott.
rift cliff fault large steep bound margin lake||rift lakes may be bounded by large steep cliffs along the fault margins.
include building institutional representative variety commercial georgian style vernacular residential||they include a variety of residential, commercial, and institutional buildings, some of which are representative of the vernacular georgian style.
hourman create artist bernard ken writer fitch original comics 1940 golden adventure comic age 48 books april baily||the original hourman was created by writer ken fitch and artist bernard baily in adventure comics #48 (april 1940), during the golden age of comic books.
pal wadhwa indian 1932 engineer rajindar bear former technologist general bharat limited electronics manager microwave deputy||rajindar pal wadhwa (born 1932) is an indian engineer, microwave technologist and a former deputy general manager of bharat electronics limited.
chief abra local executive governor province abra philippine||governor of abra is the local chief executive of the philippine province of abra.
prix wta grand tour affiliate defunct faber tournament tennis play 1992 2000 woman||the faber grand prix is a defunct wta tour affiliated women's tennis tournament played from 1992 to 2000.
feature boiling reactor water bwr single mark general containment 4 electrical 860 ii net output electric mw fuel use low cool uranium enrich moderated water normal light||it featured a single boiling water reactor, a bwr 4 with a mark ii-containment from general electric, with an electrical net output of 860 mw, used low-enriched uranium as fuel, was moderated and cooled by normal light water.
agent grant file motion upon court supreme eventually base dismiss decision||the agents filed a motion to dismiss which was eventually granted based upon the supreme court's decision.
future second secret studio nerdcore album frontalot mc artist hip hop||secrets from the future is the second studio album from nerdcore hip hop artist mc frontalot.
bodywork only slightly iteration second finished more||second iteration of the bodywork was only slightly more finished.
area logan government council city local||its local government area is the logan city council.
long centimeter spread stem 15 grow caudex||a spreading stem up to 15 centimeters long grows from a caudex.
part company division action infantry un 25th go advance korea november october north||the company went into action as a part of the 25th infantry division during the un advance into north korea in october and november.
udiana moth family eupterotidae eupterote||eupterote udiana is a moth in the family eupterotidae.
assemblies province legislative canada list territory||this is a list of the legislative assemblies of canada's provinces and territories.
two bharat write darshan krishna sanyasi karm book||he wrote two books 'bharat darshan' and 'karm sanyasi krishna'.
situate center garden home italian||an italian garden is situated at the center of the home.
quantitative method proteomic popular||it is a popular method for quantitative proteomics.
follow american 1994 album thighs band hit||it followed the band's hit album american thighs (1994).
state utah also 92 route highway us-189 alpine call loop intersect sundance cave resort provide elsewhere access timpanogos||utah state route 92, also called the alpine loop highway, intersects with us-189, providing access to sundance resort, timpanogos cave, and elsewhere.
found pomsox bank papua new guinea fund papua bank time new guinea central||at the time of its founding pomsox was funded by the bank of papua new guinea, which is the central bank of papua new guinea.
type phenolic piceatannol compound stilbenoid||piceatannol is a stilbenoid, a type of phenolic compound.
do bloody so afraid massive ensue inhabitant roman two force battle 75,000 battle report speak 60,000 italians soldier scholar most consider side roman number exaggerate although||the inhabitants were afraid to do so, and a massive and bloody battle ensued between the two forces; roman reports of the battle speak of 75,000 soldiers on the roman side against 60,000 italians, although most scholars consider these numbers exaggerated.
recursion recursion tail useful often easy end implementation handle tail particularly||tail recursion (or tail-end recursion) is particularly useful, and often easy to handle in implementations.
feature dirt joe later film||it was later featured in the film joe dirt.
cotton telephone offer tree temporary exchange museum old 1955 location rent nominal||in 1955, he offered the old cotton tree telephone exchange as a temporary location for the museum for a nominal rent.
mineshaft 17 foal 1999 may multi millionaire racehorse kentucky - successful thoroughbred stallion american||mineshaft (foaled may 17, 1999, in kentucky) was a multi-millionaire american thoroughbred racehorse and successful stallion.
perkins studio center locate student transmit university top east delaware residence tower locate antenna building christiana||studios are located in the perkins student center at the university of delaware and the transmitting antenna is located on the top of the christiana east tower residence building.
crusaders end death repulsion simon iv montfort leader||it ended in the repulsion of the crusaders and the death of their leader, simon iv de montfort.
album include song acoustic version japanese paper anchor lead version sails||the japanese version of the album includes the acoustic version of the song "lead sails (and a paper anchor)".
edge event wrestling view may professional professional pay produce wrestling promotion wrestling world wwf american federation||over the edge was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event that was to be produced every may by the american professional wrestling promotion the world wrestling federation (wwf).
topic cover jewish school story israel article baltimore recipe politic jewish such single jewish holiday kosher advice||articles cover topics such as jewish schools, israel, advice, stories, kosher recipes, baltimore politics, jewish singles and jewish holidays.
neck know pacific ardea heron heron heron white most find australian formerly wherever habitat continent freshwater exist pacifica species||the white-necked heron, formerly known as the pacific heron (ardea pacifica), is a species of heron that is found on most of the australian continent wherever freshwater habitats exist.
population 2011 census 12,497 ward take||the population of the ward taken at the 2011 census was 12,497.
foa 1937 edna professor haifa psychology bear israeli university director clinical center treatment study serve anxiety pennsylvania where||edna foa (born 1937, haifa) is an israeli professor of clinical psychology at the university of pennsylvania, where she serves as the director of the center for the treatment and study of anxiety.
show itv television studios list produce company british itv production television own broadcaster plc||this is a list of shows produced by itv studios, the television production company owned by the british television broadcaster itv plc.
high point chief commissioner island locate residence||the chief commissioner's residence was located at the highest point on the island.
go land tax pay where value 6s" "albert hide one hold portslade villager||it did not pay tax, he could go where he would with the land, one villager, value 6s"."albert held half a hide in portslade.
domestically bank cup force national 2005 1998 play northern||domestically, she played for the northern force in the national bank cup from 1998 to 2005.
section international 2016 festival screen film documentaries toronto||it was screened in the documentaries section at the 2016 toronto international film festival.
pharmacy serve involve rpsgb actively world branch 6][permanent council link [ dead leeds elect chairman relations bpro officer chairman public district||she is actively involved in the world of pharmacy, and served on the rpsgb leeds & district branch council [6][permanent dead link] as chairman, chairman elect and public relations officer (bpro).
process fiber lose organic result textile strength phototendere exposure sunlight flexibility||phototendering is the process by which organic fibers and textiles lose strength and flexibility as a result of exposure to sunlight.
also dick work gaughan vladimir rezitsky minton scottish cooper phil namtchylak sainkho lindsay l. marcio hawk john dvorak mattos edwards john jim rangecroft jo'burg webster dave tyulyush ranku radik lucky larry harry beckett bahula themen julian stabbins mcphail keith tippett harry gary windo art miller raymond ntshuks macdonald pete hamish henderson bonga jon lello nick dobie evans colombo||he has also worked with dick gaughan, vladimir rezitsky, phil minton, the scottish lindsay l. cooper, sainkho namtchylak, jo'burg hawk, marcio mattos, jim dvorak, john edwards, dave webster, john rangecroft, radik tyulyush, julian bahula, lucky ranku, larry stabbins, harry beckett, art themen, gary windo, pete mcphail, keith tippett, harry miller, nick evans, raymond macdonald, ntshuks bonga, hamish henderson, jon dobie, and lello colombo.
bunkface musical dead maturity deep heavy bunk music show previous work lyric||in bunk not dead, bunkface showed musical maturity, with deeper lyrics and heavier music than their previous works .
part collection indianapolis currently art create museum 1830 permanent||created in 1830, it is currently part of the permanent collection in the indianapolis museum of art.
urban 2017 remain release last ep album||as of 2017, this remains urban's last ep/album release.
amington 1917 brass start band bandmaster old instrument band until davis use raise roland buy money enough new one||amington band which is a brass band was started in 1917, with roland davis as bandmaster using old instruments until they could raise enough money to buy new ones.
report 1,408 live people 2010 census township||the 2010 census reported 1,408 people living in the township.
foley edwin catcher major former baseball former minor coach league baseball manager current league coach league colorado instructor rockies catch major||edwin foley is a former major league baseball catcher and coach, former minor league baseball coach and manager, and current major league catching instructor for the colorado rockies.
connect kentucky 8 route bridge||the bridge connects to kentucky route 8.
synthesizer analog synth utopia sound punishment capitol king produce base control oscillator voltage||the utopia synth is an analog sound synthesizer produced by king capitol punishment, and based on voltage controlled oscillators.
giovanni sotto sanjay calvo bayani premiere acosta july host 3 ali 1995 agbayani||hosted by giovanni calvo, ali sotto, sanjay acosta and bayani agbayani, it premiered on july 3, 1995.
continuous province presence have human year approximately 5000||the province has had a continuous human presence for approximately 5000 years.
1965 sabrina beeline artel vintage event travel travel festival trailer individual invite public participate comfortable call relaxed setting conversation where||with her vintage 1965 beeline travel trailer, sabrina artel travels to festivals and events where she invites individuals to participate in what she calls a "public conversation" in a relaxed and comfortable setting.
three season fail appear season bachelorette premier receive rose also||he also appeared on season three of the bachelorette, but failed to receive a rose in the season premier.
expedition policy orient etna unknown early virtually south coast exploration guinea north new regard 1858 scientific dutch first also expedition dutch main island||the etna expedition (1858) was an early policy-oriented exploration of the virtually unknown south and north coast of dutch new guinea, that can also be regarded as the first dutch scientific expedition to the main island.
biological collections schema abcd data access structured model exchange access datum data highly observation occurrence primary taxon datum living biodiversity organism specimen||access to biological collections data (abcd) schema is a highly structured data exchange and access model for taxon occurrence data (specimens, observations, etc. of living organisms), i.e. primary biodiversity data.
botley durley hampshire waltham bishops hamlet england mill||durley mill is a hamlet between botley and bishops waltham in hampshire, england.
ensue trouble ex vacation as when boyfriend island run new||trouble ensues when he runs into his ex on the island as she is vacationing with her new boyfriend.
rangers major as end career league start well||he started his major league career with the rangers, and ended it with them as well.
lancaster part morecambe line twentieth use century early electrification overhead pioneer||part of the line, between lancaster and morecambe, was used in the early twentieth century for pioneering overhead electrification.
post office now close close convert private dwelling||the post office closed is now closed and has been converted into a private dwelling.
gary 1 bear barnard donny professional july footballer town 1984 harlow play||donny gary barnard (born 1 july 1984) is a professional footballer who plays for harlow town.
relation sitrick company hire public relation hp manage crisis firm medium||hp hired public relations firm sitrick and company to manage their media relations during the crisis.
represent open seat sir 1968 1997 namatanai julius chan||sir julius chan represented the namatanai open seat from 1968-1997.
occidentalis molgula species marine molgulidae invertebrate family||molgula occidentalis is a species of marine invertebrate of the family molgulidae.
female law clerk first first supreme court office employ chief examiner hold patent delaware woman appeal trial board||she was the first female law clerk employed by the delaware supreme court, and was the first woman to hold the office of examiner-in-chief for the patent trial and appeal board.
proto speaker early iranians live bc assume connect proto millennium usually iranians hypothetical archeological early indo 2nd andronovo horizon||its speakers, the hypothetical proto-iranians, are assumed to have lived in the early 2nd millennium bc, and they are usually connected with the proto-indo-iranians and early andronovo archeological horizon.
college university serve district five affiliate||it serves as an affiliating university for colleges of five districts.
open december 13 2015||it opened on december 13, 2015.
mother african american extraction native father ancestry hungarian german american||her mother is of hungarian and german extraction and her father is of african-american and native american ancestry.
north serve carolina south railroad south railroad 19th late carolina century||the south and north carolina railroad was a railroad that served south carolina in the late 19th century.
1920s straight use such delicate material become silk make tie tie clip fashionable replace use prominence more tie pin more gain traditional||during the 1920s the use of straight ties made of delicate materials such as silk became more fashionable and the use of tie clips gained prominence, replacing the more traditional tie pin.
topper pale india heady double stowe alchemist vermont ale brew||heady topper is a double india pale ale brewed by the alchemist in stowe, vermont.
follow merger 1993 1 january youth establish several denomination group||it was established on 1 january 1993 following a merger of several youth groups within the denomination.
leptoglypta cocculina sea sea marine limpet snail species gastropod cocculinidae family deep mollusk||cocculina leptoglypta is a species of sea snail, deep-sea limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family cocculinidae.
burrard west roughly financial district contain 60 more locate georgia office % home vancouver streets office space mining forest product company headquarter greater||located roughly along burrard and west georgia streets, the financial district contains more than 60% of greater vancouver's office space and is home to headquarter offices of forest products and mining companies.
place tad spring team trials olympic 3rd 2008 whitewater u.s. earn again last us center spot us national national team yet||in spring of 2008, tad placed 3rd at the us olympic team trials at the u.s. national whitewater center earning him yet again the last spot on the us national team.
ocean avenue street largely east residential||east of ocean avenue, the street is largely residential.
class first goodchild debut middlesex county championship 1996 gloucestershire make||goodchild made his first-class debut for middlesex against gloucestershire in the 1996 county championship.
stream flood new flash zealand waiau destroy 1938 kopuawhara february construction camp railway 19 worker kill one woman 20 man martha quinn||a flash flood on the waiau stream at kopuawhara in new zealand on 19 february 1938 destroyed a railway construction workers camp killing 20 men and one woman, martha quinn.
sixth mike album release record qe2 records 1980 oldfield virgin||qe2 is the sixth record album by mike oldfield, released in 1980 on virgin records.
furaha river settlement county tana kenya||furaha is a settlement in kenya's tana river county.
late divided become movement century twentieth||in the late twentieth century the movement became divided.
heidelberg develop first goal city project main museum artist colony outdoor indoor creative garden center more amphitheater complete art community||their main goal was to develop the heidelberg project into the city's first indoor and outdoor museum, complete with an artists' colony, creative art center, community garden, amphitheater, and more.
herning raise american hockey bjorkstrand coach brother bear son bjorkstrand patrick todd||born and raised in herning, he is the son of american hockey coach todd bjorkstrand and brother of patrick bjorkstrand.
lecture romanes public give lecture prestigious annually theater oxford england sheldonian free||the romanes lecture is a prestigious free public lecture given annually at the sheldonian theater, oxford, england.
egyptian century manetho 3rd priest lose work history egypt bc name first aegyptiaca now thirty write dynasty egyptian coin||in the 3rd century bc, the egyptian priest manetho wrote aegyptiaca, a now lost work on the history of egypt, in which he coined the names of the first thirty egyptian dynasties.
typically carefully feature sparse guitar recording often control||his recordings are typically sparse, often featuring a carefully controlled guitar.
word derive mean spanish rotten word pocho discolor fruit become||the word derives from the spanish word pocho, meaning fruit that has become rotten or discolored.
operate salon antin tom brophy 2012||antin's and operates under tom brophy's salon as of 2012.
operation first mciver 1861 commence complete 1863.charle mallett 1816 line depot 1872 egypt beatty president serve 1855 railroad second president 1867 1868 fourth 1865||its first operations in commenced in 1861 to mciver's depot, and the line was completed to egypt in 1863.charles beatty mallett (1816-1872) served as the railroad's second president from 1855 to 1865, and fourth president from 1867 to 1868.
uttarakhand government head minister chief uttarakhand state||the chief minister of the state of uttarakhand, is the head of the government of uttarakhand.
food e e232 have additive number||as a food additive, it has e number e232.
describe myrmecia genus s. 1943 clark john belong||it belongs to the genus of myrmecia, and described by john s. clark in 1943.
ceredigion county hold election council 3 may 2012 21 authority election 20 wales local council election other other anglesey community united kingdom elsewhere wales except election||an election to ceredigion county council was held on 3 may 2012 along with elections to 20 of the other 21 local authorities in wales (all except anglesey), community council elections in wales and other elections elsewhere in the united kingdom.
richard defeat progressive when conservative re hurlburt - election run 1999.deveau seat 2006 defeat win again attempt hurlburt election||he was defeated by progressive conservative richard hurlburt when he ran for re-election in 1999.deveau attempted to win back the seat in the 2006 election, but was again defeated by hurlburt.
modification modification biotransformation compound chemical chemical organism make||biotransformation is the chemical modification (or modifications) made by an organism on a chemical compound.
upon alban hernici latins heavy force suffer ensue battle loss hills come||a force of latins and hernici came upon them in the alban hills, and suffered heavy losses in the ensuing battle.
genus prehistoric nautiloid eudoceras extinct||eudoceras is an extinct genus of prehistoric nautiloids.
roe roei species name sea abalone marine mollusk common haliotis gastropod haliotidae snail family abalone||haliotis roei, common name roe's abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family haliotidae, the abalones.
roman senator active macro attius early second century general||attius macro was a roman senator and general, who was active during the early second century.
super spell model model highly super supermodel fashion also pay - reputation have model background haute worldwide couture often commercial modeling usually||a supermodel (also spelled super-model and super model) is a highly paid fashion model who usually has a worldwide reputation and often a background in haute couture and commercial modeling.
hart c. lampton h. captain australia crew as beachcomber many 50 sydney sapwuafihk man massacre||captain c. h. hart and his crew of beachcombers of the lampton from sydney, australia massacred as many as 50 sapwuafihk men.
parner ahmednagar taluka state viroli india district village maharashtra||viroli is a village in parner taluka in ahmednagar district of state of maharashtra, india.
drum know lamp crushing disposal top also method shipping design cost labor storage recycle method reduce decrease as lamp well other mercury likelihood facility recycling release transport||also known as drum-top crushing, this lamp disposal method is designed to reduce the storage, labor, and shipping costs of recycling lamps over other methods, as well as decrease the likelihood of mercury release during transport to a recycling facility.
ononis larvae ononis arvensis antiquorum spinosa spinosa feed ononis||the larvae feed on ononis arvensis, ononis spinosa and ononis spinosa antiquorum.
formula 1986 champion race join 1988 3000 cart one formula time 1989 full||he raced in cart in 1986, and was formula 3000 champion (in 1988) before joining formula one full-time in 1989.
fivb volleyball challenger 2018 women asian section cup fivb qualification women 2018 challenger volleyball qualifier national team act cup avc volleyball member asian confederation||the asian section of the 2018 fivb volleyball women's challenger cup qualification acts as qualifiers for the 2018 fivb volleyball women's challenger cup, for national teams which are members of the asian volleyball confederation (avc).
property century twentieth remain end family||the property remained in his family until the end of the twentieth century.
chance while third win party such system candidate remote national possible election office major large opposition group party two major party influence exert one||in such systems, while chances for third party candidates winning election to major national office are remote, it is possible for groups within the larger parties, or in opposition to one or both of them, to exert influence on the two major parties.
gardineri lepidodactylus rotuman species gecko gecko forest||the rotuman forest gecko (lepidodactylus gardineri) is a species of gecko.
glen west neighbor post este close much office however have willowville large town have east service full five mile post office batavia well as||willowville's neighbor to the west, glen este, had the closest post office; however, the much larger town of batavia, five miles to the east, had a full-service post office as well.
know most commonly frame work child opal gardner gwen rebecca sue world whitmore naomi generations mama family harper sitcom||she is most commonly known for her work as gwen frame in another world and in all my children as opal sue gardner, as rebecca whitmore in generations, and on the sitcom mama's family as naomi harper.
record release coyote 1986 label||it was released in 1986 by record label coyote.
most work performance carnival that inform involve gender theory||the theory that most informs her work involves performance, carnival, and gender.
rework particular include song side side while gershwin george offer have two song same same order classic one james live side apollo brown||this particular offer includes a side of reworked george gershwin songs, while side two has the same songs in the same order as side one of james brown's classic live at the apollo.
actress samantha filmfare good awards win 2nd 64th utsavam award south awards iifa performance ramalingam anasuya||samantha won best actress awards at 64th filmfare awards south and 2nd iifa utsavam awards for her performance as anasuya ramalingam.
33 former wightbus route also newport part village serve ryde||former wightbus route 33 between newport and ryde, also serves part of the village.
lake win trasimene italy bc army barca command 217 hannibal battle reach campania south march||after winning the battle of lake trasimene in italy in 217 bc, the army commanded by hannibal barca marched south and reached campania.
culture staple understatement traditional english||understatement is a staple of traditional english culture.
assign temporarily use name duration select alia query column table programmer||a programmer can use an alias to temporarily assign another name to a table or column for the duration of a select query.
various know such name long united motors corporation service united united history delco motors||over its long history it has been known by various names such as united motors corporation, united motors service, and united delco.
initially january 1998 central publish book publishing 1 grand||the book was initially published on january 1, 1998 by grand central publishing.
1988 april edition 1979 up certify 11 gold follow riaa album||on april 11, 1988, the 1979 follow-up edition of the album was certified gold by the riaa.
odia english telugu familiar||he was familiar with odia, telugu and english.
september season 27 2014 8 begin||season 8 began on 27 september 2014.
for open large united kingdom datum great campaign government have usage prohibitively amount public fee large||there have been campaigns in the united kingdom for its government to open up the large amounts of data it has for greater public usage without prohibitively large fees.
large television second revenue company world second cable large company pay large at&t cable broadcasting home company tv tv internet provider nation states third large united service home large telephone service provider||it is the second-largest broadcasting and cable television company in the world by revenue and the second-largest pay-tv company (after at&t), the largest cable tv company and largest home internet service provider in the united states, and the nation's third-largest home telephone service provider.
very stonewall specific head system formation try white rather different long variation line pawn memorize||the stonewall is a system; white heads for a very specific pawn formation, rather than trying to memorize long lines of different variations.
short story posthumously copenhagen write cat irish author james joyce american artist illustrate publish sorrow casey||cats of copenhagen is a posthumously-published short story written by irish author james joyce and illustrated by american artist casey sorrow.
senior six appearance make st kilda regular 1938 fixture team year remain||he made six senior appearances for st kilda that year and remained a regular fixture in the team until 1938.
best award filmfare receive actor supporting latter||for the latter, he received the filmfare award for best supporting actor.
lett stream perennial locate hawkesbury catchment nepean river new tablelands central australia wales south region||the river lett, a perennial stream of the hawkesbury-nepean catchment, is located in the central tablelands region of new south wales, australia.
join party ahrar 1932||he joined the ahrar party in 1932.
hoard 1960 coin follow small cunetio large 55,000 much 1978 coin hoard find||in the 1960s, a small coin hoard was found, followed in 1978 by the much larger cunetio hoard of over 55,000 coins.
instrument also accordion play guitar keyboard guitar main mandolin bass||his main instrument is accordion, but he also plays guitar, bass guitar, keyboards and mandolin.
university 105 103 macewan 104 avenue street locate||it is located across from macewan university on 105 avenue between 103 and 104 street.
american council recognize though academic costume part education officially graduation become many common code high school college attire university part||though not a part of officially recognized american council on education's academic costume code, it has become common as part of the graduation attire at many high schools, colleges, and universities.
part rice school edmund association||it is part of the association of edmund rice schools.
rocky sisters river three island washington potomac west key d.c. bridge three||three sisters are three rocky islands in the potomac river in washington, d.c., west of the key bridge.
place old derive locate eastern side maidan name fort thekkinkadu||the place derived its name from an old fort located at the eastern side of thekkinkadu maidan.
despite loss heavy battle celebrate widely spanish troude france praise promote defense ship victory||in france, despite the heavy spanish losses, the battle was celebrated as a victory, with troude widely praised and promoted for the defense of his ship.
institutional such use library school format public lending||the format is used in institutional lending, such as in public and school libraries.
signal transistor remain frequently purpose small general popularity use small endure transistor||it is frequently used as a small-signal transistor, and it remains a small general purpose transistor of enduring popularity.
school 2011 operation celebrate 38th year||in 2011, the school celebrates its 38th year of operation.
poet robert publish list american pinsky work||a list of the published work by or about american poet robert pinsky.
practical bent have always member networking continue waml opportunity education collection geospatial datum provide cartographic work||waml has always had a practical bent, providing its members with networking opportunities and continuing education for their work in or with cartographic collections and geospatial data.
1980s prominent actress||she was a prominent actress in 1980s.
gembloux abbey benedictine gembloux province namur abbey town belgium||gembloux abbey was a benedictine abbey near the town of gembloux in the province of namur, belgium.
election presidential 2008 united states hold missouri part 2008 november 4 states take united election presidential 2008 state d.c 50 place||2008 united states presidential election in missouri was held on november 4, 2008, and was part of the 2008 united states presidential election, which took place throughout all 50 states and d.c..
10 1904 establish 1032 may||1032 was established on may 10, 1904.
series south first johannesburg andy film rowley produce africa week block show seven write schneider david 13 citv 2005 summer citv screen episode 2006 channel make||the first series was filmed in johannesburg in south africa and produced by andy rowley over a seven-week block in the summer of 2005, the show was written by david schneider and 13 episodes were made for citv and screened on the citv channel in 2006.
global million market generate 2015 esports make 493 325 expect esports million global 2015 2016 revenue 226 million audience people||the global esports market generated us$325 million of revenue in 2015 and was expected to make $493 million in 2016; the global esports audience in 2015 was 226 million people.
annenberg m.a. communication school earn usc||she earned her m.a. from usc annenberg school for communication.
base building 100 cost erect 252,027.50 1931||it is building 100 on the base, and was erected in 1931 at a cost of $252,027.50.
numerous record category school pitching one three offense own make 1,000 50 home career strikeout club player run||she owns numerous school records in both offense and pitching categories and is one of three players to make both the 1,000 strikeouts and 50 home runs clubs for a career.
start clockwise repco run circuit straight||the circuit ran clockwise, and started on the repco straight.
parritt early dexter name settler||it is named for dexter parritt, an early settler.
ultimimeridianus gram nocardioide positive shape isolate nocardioides rhizosphere genus peucedanum rod bacterium plant mara soil island korea japonicum||nocardioides ultimimeridianus is a gram-positive and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of nocardioides which has been isolated from rhizosphere soil from the plant peucedanum japonicum from the mara island in korea.
separate niacin release manner body clofibrate formulation control gradually release similar||in the body, clofibrate and niacin separate and are released gradually, in a manner similar to controlled-release formulations.
most execute rebel henry leader somerset beaufort lord hungerford duke capture include||most of the rebel leaders were captured and executed, including henry beaufort, duke of somerset, and lord hungerford.
annual local spring as well various conference group hold regional one conference help day||it holds an annual conference each spring (with the help of local groups) as well as various one day regional conferences.
found 1911 neerlandia dutch begin immigrant||neerlandia was founded by dutch immigrants beginning in 1911.
naacp beal award image earn award latter golden globe nomination||beals earned an naacp image award and a golden globe award nomination for the latter.
airport various road local bus national highway bridge network freight consist street service train boat service marina two tour||it consists of two airports, various road bridges, national and local bus service, a highway and street network, freight train service, and boat tours and marinas.
pakse southern capital kingdom former city champasak||pakse is the former southern capital city of the champasak kingdom.
november channel 2017 film 18 channel countdown hallmark season part premiere christmas||the film premiered on hallmark channel on november 18, 2017 as part of the channel's 'countdown to christmas' season.
cosmopterix family erethista cosmopterigidae moth||cosmopterix erethista is a moth in the family cosmopterigidae.
1997 band return more introspective ghostfather album melancholy||in 1997, the band returned with ghostfather, a more introspective, melancholy album.
all - star nba host game professional homecoming boxing 1981 1983 michael buckeye match bout dokes coetzee gerrie||it hosted the 1981 nba all-star game and the buckeye homecoming, the 1983 professional boxing match bout between michael dokes and gerrie coetzee.
april tejan 2003 2000 high sierra leone commissioner kingdom jalloh 9 united||from april 9, 2000 to 2003, tejan-jalloh was sierra leone's high commissioner to the united kingdom.
bishop auxiliary current tony bishop neelankavil malabar syro archeparchy catholic thrissur||the current bishop is tony neelankavil, auxiliary bishop of syro-malabar catholic archeparchy of thrissur.
dublin win football ucd senior championship 2006||with ucd he won a dublin senior football championship in 2006.
kill accident later month three car||three months later, he was killed in a car accident.
world u.s. 1996 champion champion national time 1991 1995 1990 2002 six 1997 1998||he is the 1996 world champion and a six-time u.s. national champion (1990, 1991, 1995, 1997, 1998, 2002).
standing orders introduce find sanction 2001 1987 amendment constitutional||it was introduced by the standing orders of 1987 and found its constitutional sanction in the amendment of 2001.
two original member chambers band josh josh kevin highfield sloppy contain kevin album drummer sloppy||the album contained the two original members of the band josh chambers (sloppy josh) and drummer kevin highfield (sloppy kevin).
one season run 2004 episode series six||the series ran for one season of six episodes in 2004.
hale stadium stadium state tennessee campus home tennessee home state tigers team football university then||their home stadium was hale stadium on the campus of tennessee state university, then the home of the tennessee state tigers football team.
know ecuador endemic only pastaza province where||it is endemic to ecuador, where it is known only from pastaza province.
publish edit since london hislop ian 1986||it is published in london and has been edited by ian hislop since 1986.
prior feature release game event film different slightly end well as additional sequence see story footage film end game||the game was released prior to the film and features a slightly different sequence of events towards the end of the story, as well as additional footage at the end of the game not seen in the film.
know band ear live loud show damagingly||the band was known for its ear-damagingly loud live shows.
february 2017 relevantly microsoft rsa president brad state smith conference need that company stability pledge technology cyber conflict neutrality trust online preserve||relevantly on the february 2017 rsa conference microsoft president brad smith stated that technology companies need to preserve trust and stability online by pledging neutrality in cyber conflict.
award petrunic leadership award clean50 bus seven canada charge electric three system overhead canadian 20 demonstrate municipality technology promote charge standardization integrate||petrunic was awarded the canada clean50 award for her leadership integrating 20 electric busses with seven overhead charging systems across three canadian municipalities to demonstrate and promote the standardization of charging technologies.
northampton treherneville virginia united states county unincorporated community||treherneville is an unincorporated community in northampton county, virginia, united states.
malankiatae chetone erebidae family moth||chetone malankiatae is a moth of the family erebidae.
album five number disco chart cut addition reach||in addition all the cuts from the album reached number five on the disco chart.
many .many people good friend queensburgh be local circle||there are many good people in queensburgh .many are locals at circle of friends.
sixteen french english support spanish language russian ukrainian japanese include arabic simplified korean chinese traditional||it supports sixteen languages, including english, french, spanish, russian, ukrainian, japanese, chinese, (traditional and simplified), korean, and arabic.
diameter foot have meter large version 61.5 202||the larger version had a diameter of 202 feet (61.5 meters).
singer american two wash songwriter studio martha one release 27 album album single compilation||american singer and songwriter martha wash has released two studio albums, one compilation album, and 27 singles.
- concept post apocalyptic album demon 3051 mankind create set world world ravage completely year||it is a concept album set in a post-apocalyptic world, in the year 3051, in which a demon created by mankind has completely ravaged the world.
that author deal method possible metaphorical express meaning metaphorical identify note metaphor intention conventional linguistic utterance||note that this method does not deal with an author's possible intention to express metaphorical meanings, and does not identify metaphorical utterances and conventional linguistic metaphors.
non work next professional - fiction world narayana javed book all iim such management murthy concept area akhtar own professor specialization interpret||for his next book, a work of non-fiction, professionals from all over the world such as narayana murthy, javed akhtar and iim professors are interpreting his management concepts, in their own areas of specialization.
attrition addition gross recruitment net location customer original similar attrition||net attrition is gross attrition plus the addition or recruitment of similar customers at the original location.
common a3056 hale arreton road lake||hale common is on the a3056 road between lake and arreton.
brick kitchen frame barn also wood property contribute||also on the property are a contributing brick kitchen and wood-frame barn.
cycle repeat year day saro 18 73 128 11 contain event||saros cycle 128, repeating every 18 years, 11 days, containing 73 events.
crown america mrs. pageant 19th mrs. 1957 america||she was crowned the 19th mrs. america in the mrs. america pageant of 1957.
william probably william 1795 barren 1820 harvey stonemason build||it was built from 1795 to 1820 by probably by william barren and william harvey, stonemasons.
football guam woman national team representative football guam female team||the guam women's national football team is the female representative football team for guam.
film star philippines silent debut screen sampaguita vendor silent film 1928 make sampaguita||she starred in silent films in the philippines and made her screen debut as a sampaguita vendor in the 1928 silent film sampaguita.
scale horn gricean scale determined conversational name implicature pragmatically calculate generalize||the horn scales are named after him (a pragmatically determined scale over which gricean generalized conversational implicatures can be calculated).
event include film major include film qatari ceremony festival award overview also as well receive particularly film critically well financially list||also included is an overview of the major events in qatari film, including film festivals and awards ceremonies, as well as lists of those films that have been particularly well received, both critically and financially.
random hardcover house november fiction 1974 club first book same publisher april 1975 science paperback edition publish edition follow popular british library hardcover edition september dobson march 1976 1978 dennis||it was first published in hardcover by random house in november 1974, with a science fiction book club edition following from the same publisher in april 1975, a paperback edition from popular library in march 1976, and a british hardcover edition from dennis dobson in september 1978.
bearcats cincinnati team cincinnati football east athletic conference american university division represent collegiate national association aac ncaa division compete i bowl fbs subdivision football athletic part||the cincinnati bearcats football team represents the university of cincinnati in the east division of the american athletic conference (aac), competing as part of the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa) division i football bowl subdivision (fbs).
siri sports fort also complex close||also close by is the siri fort sports complex.
wife hitchin 26 wendy live whitmore april marry 1957||whitmore lives in hitchin with his wife wendy, whom he married on 26 april 1957.
five sing song namely artiste tabitha nauser sean jody kingston jessica represent mauboy appleton williams five world one continent stevie||the song was sung by five artistes, namely sean kingston, tabitha nauser, jody williams, stevie appleton and jessica mauboy, each representing one of the five continents of the world.
first reorganization follow municipality election take place december municipal 2000||the first municipal elections following the reorganization of municipalities took place in december 2000.
city city county u.s. gilmore humboldt state pocahontas iowa||gilmore city is a city in humboldt and pocahontas counties in the u.s. state of iowa.
curriculum anatomy chemistry biology include mathematics various general elective physiology include english anthropology physics||a general curriculum would include chemistry, either biology or anatomy and physiology, mathematics, english and various electives, which may include physics or anthropology.
medal high score score shooter individual sum give give five score team||medals were given for individual high scores, and the scores of the five shooters were summed to give a team score.
bear taree new smith wales south||smith was born in taree, new south wales.
wedge act write episode addition loose award win series live boys nowhere produce let||in addition to her acting, she has written for episodes of the wedge and let loose live and produced the award-winning series nowhere boys.
require governor republican carney nominate democrat holland replace law because three state member party supreme state more have court||governor carney, a democrat, was required to nominate a republican to replace holland under state law, because no party can have more than three members on the state's supreme court.
prep educate school later school regis sherborne school son port greenstock rank jeremy former high sir kingdom united ambassador diplomat nations former british united||educated at port regis school prep school and later sherborne school, he is the son of sir jeremy greenstock, a former high-ranking british diplomat and the former united kingdom ambassador to the united nations.
director filipino asuncion executive producer filmmaker cecilio american||cecilio asuncion is a filipino-american director, producer, filmmaker and executive.
planning mid ulster grant consent council cover district second - propose phase business also retail include hotel range together unit leisure community facility||planning consent granted by mid-ulster district council also covers a proposed second-phase, including a hotel, retail and business units together with a range of community and leisure facilities.
ninth album studio bilston guy house song release manning||songs from the bilston house is the ninth studio album released by guy manning.
identity user online relationship even group social determine online certain part||an online identity may even be determined by a user's relationship to a certain social group they are a part of online.
june begin 2001 16 september championship 6 end 2001||the championship began on 6 june 2001 and ended on 16 september 2001.
victory movement national win seat 36 people 21 result||the result was a victory for the people's national movement, which won 21 of the 36 seats.
union school high school antelope serve only eastern high yuma district county||it is the only high school in the antelope union high school district and serves eastern yuma county.
mark vso valdosta august railroad incorporate 1951 valdosta buy report florida portion madison g&f plan abandon south southern||the valdosta southern railroad (reporting mark vso) was incorporated in august 1951 and bought the portion from valdosta south to madison, florida, which the g&f planned to abandon.
interns peace work program 2004 safety participant have address together infrastructure arab road lack community project big jewish city||an interns for peace program in 2004 had participants work together on road safety projects, addressing the lack of infrastructure in arab and jewish communities outside the big cities.
infantry massachusetts september commission 61st 1864 officer muster june regiment 1865||he was commissioned as an officer of the 61st massachusetts infantry in september 1864, and mustered out with this regiment in june 1865.
pieter itterzon 1900 11 amsterdam 16 gerrit van dutch dutch november reformed 1992 theologian december church||gerrit pieter van itterzon (11 december 1900, amsterdam - 16 november 1992) was a dutch theologian of the dutch reformed church.
ullevaal oslo church vestre church aker consecrate 1855||vestre aker church is a church at ullevaal in oslo that was consecrated in 1855.
gratiaen tree jam fruit literary win awards historical child lion novel 1993 award state||he has won gratiaen awards for the jam fruit tree in 1993 and a state literary award for his historical novel, children of the lion.
dick spartans tomey coach head fourth season season||this season was the spartans' fourth season with dick tomey as head coach.
come time develop way well complete have man begin manage unfinished also leave emphasis genius||but the time has also come for emphasis on developing better ways of managing what we have and of completing what man's genius has begun but left unfinished.
now mojave direct park preserve area national national service||the area is now in the mojave national preserve, directed by the national park service.
after parent bear later father divorce states live name soon karl remain khalil originally mother grandfather england united||his parents divorced soon after he was born, and his father later lived in the united states, but karl (originally named khalil after his grandfather) remained in england with his mother.
1986 wright pitch rangers||wright pitched for the rangers through 1986.
senate development energy subcommittee five u.s. agriculture one u.s. rural senate subcommittee nutrition agriculture committee forestry||the u.s. senate agriculture subcommittee on rural development and energy is one of five subcommittees of the u.s. senate committee on agriculture, nutrition and forestry.
core treaty european originally functional union treaty sign two 1992 treaty union originally sign functioning 1957 establish european rome european economic maastricht community treaty lie be operate eu interconnect satellite treaty how number||two core functional treaties, the treaty on european union (originally signed in maastricht in 1992) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union (originally signed in rome in 1957 as the treaty establishing the european economic community), lay out how the eu operates, and there are a number of satellite treaties which are interconnected with them.
politic rayback 1860 1830 include federal slavery issue politic rise party american issue study republican||rayback studied the issues of american politics from 1830 to 1860 including federal politics of the slavery issue, and the rise of the republican party.
fe station former house railroad santa strand head||it is housed in the former santa fe railroad station, at the head of the strand.
1908 found compete north club league devon premier division currently||founded in 1908, the club currently compete in the north devon league premier division.
list suriname lighthouse||this is a list of lighthouses in suriname.
creek host universal silver high school program creek leadership learning independent academy silver||silver creek hosts universal high school, an independent learning program, and the silver creek leadership academy.
radar provide control traffic service use automatic radar control ads method b air surveillance dependent||radar control is a method of providing air traffic control services with the use of radar and automatic dependent surveillance (ads-b).
pier one landmark super main loop clarence ride mid-1990 since remove||one of the main landmarks of clarence pier until the mid-1990s was the super loop ride, since removed.
jane sweet develop 1998 drama unlikely hiv friendship terminally addict heroin year prostitute fifteen positive ill old boy||sweet jane is a 1998 drama about an unlikely friendship that develops between an hiv positive prostitute addicted to heroin and a terminally-ill fifteen-year-old boy.
2014 harrison todd may business announce model state model new break look online medium minyanville sale put||in may 2014, todd harrison announced he was "looking for a new business model" stating the online media model is 'broken', and was putting minyanville up for sale.
list special library public university library brunei include||this list of libraries in brunei includes public, special and university libraries.
take young hero try together stop player dark role lord destroy tree heroine glaive mana||the player takes the role of a young hero who, together with a heroine, tries to stop the dark lord of glaive from destroying the tree of mana.
actor mexican film roberto corell||roberto corell was a mexican film actor.
travel agency black write hole series also||they also wrote the black hole travel agency series.
paul background paint julian design hawley layout pratt||paul julian painted the backgrounds and hawley pratt designed the layouts.
images alien software lynx originally feature where atari comic series book development predator reference horse predator alien versus after dark comics then plan port beat name snes jaguar cancel title previously develop jorudan change same first person shooter 1993 atari corporation project fox activision century when resubmitte 20th||alien vs predator was originally under development by images software for the atari lynx, where it featured references to the comic book series alien versus predator by dark horse comics but after it was canceled, it was then planned to be a port of the snes beat 'em up title of the same name for the jaguar, which was previously developed by jorudan in 1993 but was changed into a first-person shooter when atari corporation resubmitted the project to both 20th century fox and activision.
maculosus number stallingsia hodges 4152 mona||the mona or hodges number for stallingsia maculosus is 4152.
family cerambycidae flavofasciata striononyma beetle species||striononyma flavofasciata is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
principal feature theory society system modern way increase complexity viewpoint environment process differentiation deal||from the viewpoint of this theory, the principal feature of modern society is the increased process of system differentiation as a way of dealing with the complexity of its environment.
write doctor three||it was written by the three doctors.
document gfp subcellular compartment eukaryotic protein cdna localisation cell apply fluorescence microscopy project||the gfp-cdna project documents the localisation of proteins to subcellular compartments of the eukaryotic cell applying fluorescence microscopy.
5th address nebraska city church nebraska 411 rue||the church's address is 411 5th rue, nebraska city, nebraska.
compete 2007 main tour place season lose end one 2008 season||he competed on the main tour for one season, between 2007 and 2008, but lost his place at the end of that season.
forward award annual best defensive give ccha hockey collegiate central association regular conclusion ccha good forward vote conference season team coach ccha as defensive||the ccha best defensive forward was an annual award given out at the conclusion of the central collegiate hockey association (ccha) regular season to the best defensive forward in the conference as voted by the coaches of each ccha team.
run flanigan court nominee 1920 democratic lose archibald g. republican supreme justice mcalister incumbent||flanigan ran as the republican nominee for supreme court justice in 1920 and lost against democratic incumbent archibald g. mcalister.
subsidiary liquid8||it is a subsidiary of liquid8.
believe use regular long castle||the castle, it is believed, was not in regular use for long.
balances anthology edit chick esther story friesner john tom fantasy wood helfers cover||chicks and balances is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by esther friesner and john helfers, with a cover by tom wood.
canada compete hodgins kris athlete f37 discus category mainly throw paralympic event||kris hodgins is a paralympic athlete from canada competing mainly in category f37 discus throw events.
kill jack type associate also where blow tank skyward turret ammunition effect box explosion overpressure||this type of kill is also associated with the jack-in-the-box effect, where a tank's turret is blown skyward due to the overpressure of an ammunition explosion.
theme 009 anime second serve coupling cover carole cyborg far so away king end||"i do" served as ending theme for the anime "cyborg 009" and the second coupling is a cover of carole king's "so far away".
su luxembourg mei artist bear tse musician photographer 1973||su-mei tse (born 1973) is a luxembourg musician, artist and photographer.
risk disease infection have peripheral implication important ill patient increase vascular acutely care||peripheral vascular disease and increased risk of infection have important implications in the care of the acutely ill patient.
station format country music 1970 1980s have||the station had a country music format in the 1970s and 1980s.
barcelona four terrell semifinal year later m event eliminate c-2 500||four years later in barcelona, terrell was eliminated in the semifinals of the c-2 500 m event.
donald bear october jasper 2 alberta canadian 1958 professional ice young hockey eight national hockey defenceman play game black hawks league chicago brian||brian donald young (born october 2, 1958 in jasper, alberta) was a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played eight games in the national hockey league with the chicago black hawks.
movement moja - africa pan african justice organization active political ghana liberia gambia leftist mostly chapter||movement for justice in africa (moja) is a leftist pan-african political organization that is mostly active in liberia, with chapters in ghana and the gambia.
football ole 1932 university team represent rebels miss football 1932 conference mississippi season southern||the 1932 ole miss rebels football team represented the university of mississippi during the 1932 southern conference football season.
student nci 50 000 population have approximately||nci has a student population of approximately 50, 000.
see disambiguation||see disambiguation.
later produce bay direct crime year 2013 comedy gain pain two||two years later bay directed, and produced crime comedy pain & gain (2013).
cover summer broad tundra wildflower high blossom alpine valley||in summer, the broad valley is covered with the blossoms of high alpine and tundra wildflowers.
usually underrunning value equal chance select||usually a value is selected with equal chance of over or underrunning.
slovenica small freshwater species alzoniella minute very mollusk operculum snail aquatic gastropod family water hydrobiidae snouted sometimes snail know||alzoniella slovenica is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family hydrobiidae, which are sometimes known as the snouted water snails.
brest 254 french brest long prison prison brest bagne france m||the brest prison (french - bagne de brest) was a 254m long prison in brest, france.
industry microwave innovation shape invention officially name russell thomas j. legend 2006 contribution microwave||due to his contributions in shaping the microwave industry with innovation and invention, thomas j. russell was officially named a microwave legend in 2006.
police investigator wichita crime laboratory scene ruth bowlin earl county kansas murder 1963 sedgwick 13 april call||as a wichita, kansas police laboratory investigator, he was called out to the crime scene of the earl and ruth bowlin murders in sedgwick county on april 13, 1963.
alan july 2015 release records 17 emi nashville country||it was released on july 17, 2015 via alan's country records and emi nashville.
popular honest ridin film range song feature autry track title||the film features the popular autry songs "be honest with me", "ridin' the range", and the title track.
six district one gandaki locate part kaski nepal western zone||kaski is one of the six districts of gandaki zone and is located in western part of nepal.
el horizon develop aerospace m-2226 israel industries system radar||el/m-2226 is an over-the-horizon radar system developed by israel aerospace industries.
